Dear Shareholders,

Bettering our environment and the world in which we operate

has been a part of our core values since our founding days,

and this has been built into our DNA. With a deep heritage

of sustainability and innovation, we remain committed to

bringing cleaner energy to the world. Today, thousands are

powering their homes and businesses through Sterling and

Wilson Renewable Energy Limited’s (SWREL) services.

We are extremely optimistic about the future of renewable

energy, which is becoming mainstream across the world, as

the production processes have become more efficient and per

unit prices of renewable energy have steadily dropped – there

are fluctuations in manufacturing costs, certainly, but over

time, these costs have only gone down. This runs in parallel

with government policies supporting the world’s transition to

a lower-carbon economy.

In a very positive trend for our industry, more than 80% of

all new energy capacity added worldwide in 2020 came

from renewable, with solar and wind accounting for 91% of

new renewables. According to data from the International

Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA), the world added more

than 260 GW of renewable energy capacity in 2020, exceeding

expansion in 2019 by close to 50%. By 2030, India’s power

demand is expected to be 817 GW, with more than half of it

coming from clean energy, and 280 GW coming from solar

energy alone.

Today, being one of the largest solar EPC players across the

globe, we are proud to be a part of this great energy transition.

With an EPC portfolio of over 250+ projects totalling 11.3 GWp

of capacity and an O&M portfolio of 6.6 GWp, we shall continue

to play our part in modernising yesterday’s energy systems to

meet tomorrow’s needs.

Our primary territories have so far been India, Australia, and

the Americas; we have projects in Africa and the Middle

East, too. Now we are also focusing on Europe, where the

solar power market has grown significantly owing to steep

cost reduction, easy maintenance, versatile applications,

and strong policy and regulatory support. New solar power

capacity of 18.2 GW was installed in 2020 in Europe (11%

higher than 2019), making it the best year ever for solar in the

region. In 2021, a total of 25.9 GW of new solar PV capacity

was connected to the grids. Moving ahead, new annual

additions are expected to reach 27.4 GW in 2022, 30.8 GW in

2023 and 35.1 GW by 2024.

India had aimed to install 175GW of renewable energy capacity,

including 100GW of solar power, by 2022. The pandemic has

shifted the goalpost of project completions, but the work

continues. Given these developments, we are excited to help

make renewable energy accessible to all.

FY2022 in Brief

The year marked a turning point in our history, following the

acquisition of a stake in SWREL by Reliance New Energy Limited,

a subsidiary of Reliance Industries (RIL), through a combination

of primary investment, secondary purchase, and open offer.

The last tranche of this transaction was made in February 2022

that culminated in RIL owning a 40% stake in SWREL. This is in

line with RIL’s strategy of investing in operating capabilities as

it gets ready to set up a global-scale integrated photovoltaic

giga factory and make India a manufacturing hub for low-cost

and high-efficiency solar panels.

The Company will benefit immensely from the Reliance

Group’s new integrated vision, which will further strengthen

our position as a leading solar EPC and O&M player in India and

across the world. With our engineering talent, deep domain

knowledge, global presence and experience in executing

complex projects globally, we will be a strategic partner in RIL’s

solar value chain, helping them achieve their target of creating

a clean energy portfolio.

Through this acquisition, SWREL will have access to RIL’s

best practices as the two teams work in unison on renewable

energy projects at the national and international levels; and

RIL’s long years of expertise in business development will help

SWREL consolidate its position in existing territories and make

its mark in new geographies. RIL, which has committed to Net

Zero carbon by 2035, will gain access to a wide range of SWREL

competencies in design, procurement, and project management

to build solar photovoltaic panels, solar cells and modules, energy

storage batteries, fuel cells and green hydrogen.

Key Challenges of the Year

During the year under review, a near-term headwind and a

notable development in the global solar market was the sustained

WITH A DEEP HERITAGE

OF SUSTAINABILITY

AND INNOVATION, WE

REMAIN COMMITTED

TO BRINGING CLEANER

ENERGY TO THE WORLD.

TODAY, THOUSANDS ARE

POWERING THEIR HOMES

AND BUSINESSES THROUGH

STERLING AND WILSON

RENEWABLE ENERGY

LIMITED’S (SWREL)

SERVICES.

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited Annual Report 2021-22

06

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited Annual Report 2021-22

07:

Managing Director of Sterling and

Wilson Private Limited.

He has been on the Board of Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited since April 25, 2018.

Mr. Balanadu Narayan

Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director

B Narayan has done master’s in chemical engineering from IIT – Madras. He has a rich and varied work

experience of nearly 5 decades out of which over 4 decades are with Reliance Group. He is well recognised

as an industry stalwart in his domain.

His experience spans project management and procurement of process technologies, engineering

services and capital equipment. He was closely involved with the implementation of polyester, petro

chemicals, elastomers and refinery projects of Reliance Industries Limited at Patalganga, Silvasa, Hazira

and Jamnagar.

In his current role as the Chief Procurement Officer, he is leading a team of procurement professionals

in cost optimisation, new initiatives in manufacturing and implementation of digital solutions for

procurement and contracting functions.

He has been on the Board of Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited since April 07, 2022.

Mr. Cherag Balsara

Non-Executive Independent Director

Cherag Balsara has completed his Bachelor of Commerce from the Sydenham College of Commerce and

Economics in the year 1989. Thereafter, he completed Bachelor of Laws degree in the year 1992 and

enrolled at the Bar in the year 1992. He has also done his master’s in law in the year 1994.

He has practiced as a Counsel specializing in civil litigation mainly in the Bombay High Court and also in the

Supreme Court as well as the National Company Law Tribunal., During his career spanning 30 years, he has

litigated in a large number of Commercial Disputes, Corporate Disputes and handled several Commercial

Arbitration matters and has also handled numerous redevelopment projects in the city of Mumbai.

He has been on the Board of Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited since March 29, 2022.

Ms. Rukhshana Mistry

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Rukhshana Mistry is a practising Chartered Accountant with over 30 years of experience. She has been on

the Board of Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited since March 27, 2019.

Mr. Pallon Mistry

Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director

Pallon Mistry holds a master’s degree in strategic management from Imperial College, London. He is

on the board of several companies including Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited, Afcons

Infrastructure Limited, Shapoorji Pallonji Infrastructure Capital Company Private Limited, Shapoorji

Pallonji Oil and Gas Private Limited and Sterling and Wilson Private Limited.

He has been on the Board of Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited since August 02, 2018.

Mr. Saurabh Agarwal

Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director

Saurabh Agarwal has done his Bachelor’s in mechanical engineering from IIT – Roorkee. He has a rich and

varied work experience of 26 years with Reliance Group. His experience spans in various senior positions in

fibres, petrochemicals, refining & marketing and exploration & production businesses of Reliance.

He has been on the Board of Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited since April 07, 2022.

Mr. Keki Elavia

Non-Executive Independent Director

Keki Elavia holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce from the University of Mumbai and is a practising

Chartered Accountant. He is a fellow member of the ICAI. He has, in the past, served as a partner of

Kalyaniwalla & Mistry, Chartered Accountants and S.R. Batliboi & Co, Chartered Accountants. He has over

42 years of experience in Audit and Finance related matters.

He has been on the Board of Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited since March 27, 2019.

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited Annual Report 2021-22

10

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited Annual Report 2021-22

11:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to

the Scrutinizer by e-mail to auditteam@mgconsulting.in

with a copy marked to ir@sterlingwilson.com and

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

6.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

laptops/ ipads connected through broadband allow

the camera functionality for a better and seamless

experience. Please note that participants connecting from

mobile devices or tablets or through laptop connecting

via Mobile Hotspot may experience audio/ video loss due

to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

7.

The attendance of the Members attending the AGM

through VC/ OAVM will be counted for the purpose of

reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

The remote e-voting period begins on Tuesday,

September 27, 2022 at 09:00 A.M. IST and ends

on

Thursday,

September

29,

2022

at

05:00

P.M. IST. The remote e-voting module shall be

disabled

by

NSDL

for

voting

thereafter.

The

Members, whose names appear in the Register of

Members/Beneficial Owners as on the record date

(cut-off date) i.e. Friday, September 23, 2022, may cast

their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders

shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity

share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date.

How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?

The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-voting system

A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in

demat mode

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 09, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and

Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and e-mail Id in their demat accounts in

order to access e-Voting facility.

Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:

Type of shareholders

Login Method

Individual Shareholders holding

securities in demat mode with

NSDL.

1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.

com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click

on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section,

this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful

authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services.

Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see

e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and

you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the

remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.:

Managing Director of Sterling and Wilson Private Limited.

He has been on the Board of Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited since

April 25, 2018.

Terms and conditions of appointment/

re-appointment

He is proposed to be re-appointed as a Non-Executive Director, liable to retire by

rotation.

Shareholding in the Company, including

shareholding as beneficial owner as on

March 31, 2022

1,13,84,544 Equity Shares representing 6.00% of the total paid-up Equity Share

Capital of the Company.

Remuneration (including sitting fees, if

any) last drawn in F.Y. 2021-22

Remuneration drawn by him from the Company comprises of sitting fees paid to

him for attending the meetings of the Board of Directors and its Committee(s)

wherever he is a member.

Remuneration sought to be paid

Remuneration proposed to be paid to him by the Company would comprise of sitting

fees for attending the meetings of the Board of Directors and/or its Committee(s)

wherever he is a member and Commission, if any, as a % of net profits of the

Company for the relevant financial year as may be approved by the Board.

Relationship with the other Directors

and Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company

None

No. of Board Meetings attended during

the financial year 2021-22

9 out of 9

List of other Indian Public Limited

Companies in which Directorships held

Nil

Listed Companies from which the Director

has resigned in the past three years

Nil

Chairman/Member of Committee(s) of

Board of Directors of the Company (1)

Audit Committee–Member

Stakeholders Relationship Committee–Chairman

Chairman/Member of the Committee(s)

of Board of Directors of other Companies

in which he is a Member/Chairman (1)

Nil

Note:

(1)

In terms of the provisions of Regulation 26 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, Memberships/ Chairmanships in only two committees viz.

Audit Committee and Shareholders Relationship Committee of Public Limited Companies are considered.:

letter was issued to Mr. Thakur, as per which the notice

period to terminate the employment is 3 (Three) months.

No severance fee is payable to the Manager.

(iv) Stock option details, if any, and whether the same

has been issued at a discount as well as the period

over which accrued and over which exercisable.

No Stock Options have been granted to any Directors.

86,883 Stock Options were granted on July 16, 2021 to

Mr. Chandra Kishore Thakur at an exercise price of ` 238

which is at ~15% discount to the closing market price of

` 279.65 as on July 15, 2021 on BSE Limited.

Options granted to him shall vest in four equal annual

instalments after one year from the date of grant. The

Exercise Period in respect of a vested option shall be 4

years from the date of vesting.:

Managing Director (“MD”)/ Chief Executive

Officer/ Manager may propose the rate of final

dividend to be recommended by the Board to

Shareholders or the rate of interim dividend to be

declared by the Board.

b.

The Board upon perusing the rationale for such

pay-out may recommend the final dividend or

declare the interim dividend.

c.

The final dividend recommended by the Board is

subject to approval/declaration by the shareholders

in the ensuing general meeting.

d.

The interim dividend approved by the Board requires

confirmation by the shareholders in the ensuing

general meeting.

e.

In case of inadequacy of profits in any financial

year, the Board may consider recommendation of

final dividend out of accumulated profits as may be

permitted under the applicable laws and regulations

from time to time.

6. General:

a.

The Company may declare dividend out of the

profits of the Company for the year or out of the

profits for any previous year or years or out of the

free reserves available for distribution of dividend,

after having due regard to the parameters laid down

in this Policy and as per the provisions of Companies

Act. Further, any amount representing unrealised

gains, notional gains or revaluation of assets and any

change in carrying amount of an asset or of a liability

on measurement of the asset or the liability at fair

value shall be excluded while computing the profits

for the purpose of declaration of dividend.

b.

Subject to compliance with applicable law, the

Company’s retained earnings, if any will be used

for the Company’s growth plans, issuance of bonus

shares capital adequacy/ liquidity requirements,

debt repayments, and other contingencies and/

or for any of the purposes specified in paragraph

2 above.

c.

If the Board decides to deviate from this Policy, the

rationale for the same will be suitably disclosed.

7.

Review/ Modification of the Policy:

The Board reserves the right to amend, modify or review

this Policy along with the rationale for the same in whole or

in part, at any point of time, as may be deemed necessary

in accordance with the amendment of the Companies

Act and the Regulations, and any other regulations,

guidelines/clarifications as may be issued from time to

time by relevant statutory and regulatory authority.

8. Disclosure:

The Company shall make appropriate disclosures as

required under the Listing Regulations.

9. Disclaimer:

This document does not solicit investments in the Company’s

securities. Nor is it an assurance of guaranteed returns

(in any form), for investments in the Company’s shares.:

Managing Director/ Whole-time Director

The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person

as its: Managing

Managing Director, Whole-time

Director and KMP to the Board for their approval.

13.2 The level and composition of remuneration

so determined by the NR Committee shall be:

Managing Director/ Whole-time Director

a.

The compensation paid to the Executive

Directors (including: Managing Director)

will be within the scale approved by

the shareholders. The elements of the

total compensation, approved by the NR

Committee will be within the overall limits

specified under the Companies Act, 2013.

b.

Besides

the

above

criteria,

the

Remuneration/ compensation commission

etc to be paid to Managing Director/

Whole-time Director etc shall be governed

as per provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and rules made there under or

any other enactment for the time being

in force.

c.

The

remuneration

payable

by

the

Company to the Executive Directors shall

be subject to the conditions specified in

the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations

including in terms of monetary limits,

approval requirements and disclosure

requirements.

13.2.2 Non-Executive Directors

a.

The

Non-

Executive

Director

may

receive

sitting

fees

for

attending

meetings of Board or NR Committee

thereof. The remuneration/ commission/

compensation to the Non-Executive

Directors will be determined by the NR

Committee and recommended to the

Board for its approval.

b.

The

remuneration

payable

by

the

Company to Non-Executive Directors shall

be subject to the conditions specified in

the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations

including in terms of monetary limits,

approval requirements and disclosure

requirements.

13.2.3 KMPs/Senior Management Personnel etc.

The Remuneration to be paid to KMPs/ Senior

Management Personnel shall be based on the

experience, qualification and expertise of the

related personnel and governed by the limits,

if any prescribed under the Companies Act,

2013 and rules made there under or any other

enactment for the time being in force.

13.2.4 Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance

Where any insurance is taken by the Company

on behalf of its Directors, KMPs/ Senior

Management Personnel etc. for indemnifying

them against any liability, the premium

paid on such insurance shall not be treated

as part of the remuneration payable to any

such personnel unless otherwise specifically

provided under the Act.

14. Chairperson:

14.1 Chairperson of the NR Committee shall be an

Independent Director.

14.2 Chairperson of the Company may be appointed as

a member of the NR Committee but shall not be a

letter of even date which is annexed as ‘Annexure-A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

For Manish Ghia & Associates

Company Secretaries

(Unique ID: P2006MH007100)

CS Mannish L. Ghia

Place: Mumbai

Partner

Date: April 06, 2022

M. No. FCS 6252 C.P. No. 3531

UDIN: F006252D000031631

PR 822/2020:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provided a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Book of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulation, standards is the responsibility of

Management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on the test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

7.

On account restrictions imposed by the Government Authorities on opening of offices, travel and movement due to Covid19

pandemic during the year under review, we for the purpose of completion of our audit had to rely on documents and papers

provided in electronic form through email/other virtual means for verification of compliances.

For Manish Ghia & Associates

Company Secretaries

(Unique ID: P2006MH007100)

CS Mannish L. Ghia

Place: Mumbai

Partner

Date: April 06, 2022

M. No. FCS 6252 C.P. No. 3531

UDIN: F006252D000031631

PR 822/2020:

letter is issued to the Independent

Directors of your Company which inter alia states the

roles, responsibilities and the fiduciary duties and

the accompanying liabilities that come with their

appointment.

The: letter of appointment setting out the terms of

appointment, role, rights, duties and responsibilities is

issued to the Independent

Managing Director or CEO.

•

The Chairman, being a Non-Executive Director, is

entitled to maintain a Chairperson’s office at the

Company’s expense and also allowed reimbursement

of expenses incurred in performance of his duties.

•

The Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit

Committee in all matters relating to Internal Audit.:

letter dated August 11, 2021, had resigned as Statutory

Auditors of the Company effective from conclusion of

the Board meeting of the Company scheduled on August

14, 2021, on issuance of Limited Review Report on the

Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the

quarter ended June 30, 2021.

Total fees of ` 16 Lakhs has been paid by the Company

on a consolidated basis to M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Statutory

Auditors and all the entities in the network firm/network

entity of which the Statutory auditor is a part, for all

the services provided by them till the quarter ended

June 30, 2021.

M/s. Kalyaniwalla & Mistry LLP, Chartered Accountants

(“K&M”) have been appointed as Statutory Auditors of

the Company for a period of 5 (Five) consecutive years

from the conclusion of 4th AGM till the conclusion of

9th AGM on such terms and conditions as may be

fixed by the Board in mutual consultation with the

Statutory Auditor.

Total fees of ` 95 Lakhs has been paid by the Company

on a consolidated basis to K&M, Statutory Auditors and all

the entities in the network firm/network entity of which

the Statutory auditor is a part, for all the services provided

by them for F.Y. 2021-22.

k.

Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013:

Your Company has always believed in providing a safe and

harassment free workplace for every individual working

in any office through various interventions and practices.

Your Company always endeavors to create and provide

an environment that is free from discrimination and

harassment including sexual harassment.

The Company has in place a robust policy on prevention

of sexual harassment at workplace. The policy aims at

prevention of harassment of employees and lays down

the guidelines for identification, reporting and prevention

of sexual harassment. There is an Internal Committee (IC)

which is responsible for redressal of complaints related to

sexual harassment and follows the guidelines provided in

the policy. IC has its presence at corporate office as well

as at site locations.

The details of complaints related to Sexual Harassment

are provided below:-

Sr.

No.

Particulars

No. of

Complaints

1

Number of complaints filed during

the F.Y. 2021-22

-

2

Number of complaints disposed of

during the F.Y. 2021-22

-

3

Number of complaints pending as on

end of the F.Y. 2021-22

-:

letter

addressed to the Board of Directors dated August 11,

2021. However, there are no other issues, objections or

concerns raised by the outgoing auditor.

xix) On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected

dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of

financial liabilities, other information accompanying the

financial statements and our knowledge of the Board:

letter of credit, insurance claims, export incentive, claim against suppliers etc.

Dues from directors or other officers of the company or any of them either severally or jointly with any other person

or amounts due from firms or private companies in which any director is a partner or a director or member:

Particulars

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Interest accrued on loan to subsidiaries and fellow subsidiaries

Sterling Wilson SPCPL -Chint Moroccan Venture

7.63

4.01

Sterling and Wilson International Solar FZCO

-

11.23

Sterling and Wilson (Thailand) Limited

0.02

0.02

7.65

15.26

Recoverable expenses from shareholders, subsidiaries and others

Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited

4.08

-

Sterling and Wilson International Solar FZCO

513.34

598.43

Sterling and Wilson Solar Australia Pty. Ltd.

183.00

0.74

Sterling and Wilson Co-Gen Solutions Private Limited

0.01

-

Sterling and Wilson Solar LLC

7.95

-

Sterling and Wilson Private Limited

10.05

0.03

718.43

599.20:

letter of credit payable

(USD)

-

(0.00)

-

-

-

(20.37)

-

-:

Letter of credit

payable

0.46

-

Amount reclassified to profit or loss - Highly probable forecast cash

flows – Trade receivables

55.13

-

Amount included in the cost of non-financial items

-

-

Tax on movements in relevant items of OCI during the year

(3.77)

-

Tax on relevant items of OCI during the year reclassified to profit or loss

(13.88)

-

Balance as at March 31, 2022

(15.25)

-:

letter, to go ahead with the works/

maintenance of the plant where in they also assured

the Company that they would make the payment if the

customer failed to pay. As on date the customer owes the

Company ` 92.45 crore. In addition, an amount of ` 64.10

crore under confirmed, irrevocable Letters of Credit

arranged by the customer from their bank mainly for the

supplies which had been discounted by the Company,

after confirmation both from the customer and their

bank, became due. Due to the NCLT actions against the

customer group, the customer’s bank refused to make

the payment to the Company’s bank citing prevention

against doing the same due to the NCLT order, and the

Company had to return the amount back to its bank.

During the year ended March 31, 2020, the Company

has initiated legal proceedings in both these matters,

which are now pending with the National Company Law

Appellate Tribunal.

The Company has sought legal opinions regarding the

amount due from the developer as per their assurance: letter and from the customer’s bank due to failure to pay

confirmed Letters of Credit and has been advised that

the said amounts are recoverable. The amount of ` 92.45

crore and ` 64.10 crore is shown under the head Trade

Receivables and Other Financial Assets, respectively.

Both the above are covered under the Indemnity

Agreement as given in Note 56 above.

Basis the aforementioned legal opinions and the

Management assessment, inspite of being confident

of full recovery, considering the expected credit loss

requirement of Ind AS 109 “”Financial Instruments””, the

Management has recognised the provision to the extent

of ` 31.33 crore as at March 31, 2022 (March 31, 2021

` 31.33 crore), based on Management’s best estimate of

collection of the aforementioned receivables as at March

31, 2022. This matter is also covered by the Indemnity

Agreement (Refer note 54).

56 The Red Herring Prospectus dated July 29, 2019 stated

that Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited and

Khurshed Yazdi Daruvala (“Selling Shareholders”) shall

use a portion of the net offer proceeds towards funding

full repayment of the outstanding inter-corporate

deposits payable by a fellow subsidiary to the Company.

The balance outstanding as at the beginning of the year

was entirely repaid during the year along with all interest

accrued thereagainst.

The Company has responded to queries on this matter

raised by the concerned authorities. The Company,

based on independent opinions from legal experts, has

determined that there is no non-compliance with any

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and/or SEBI (Issue

of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2018, by the Company, in respect of this matter.

57 During the year ended March 31, 2022, four customers of

the Company encashed advance and performance bank

guarantees amounting to ` 588.51 crore. Three of the

projects are virtually completed and the last one is about

87.50% completed as of March 31, 2022. The Senior

Management of the Company had several rounds of

discussions with the customers and are actively engaged

to resolve the matter. The Company has finalized

settlement agreements with two customers, on the basis

of which the entire amount against the corresponding

bank guarantees encashed, amounting to ` 175.87

crore, was refunded by one customer, whilst the second

customer is in the process of refunding an amount of

` 144.50 crore. Similar settlement agreements are under

discussion for the other two projects. Based on the current

ongoing discussions, the Management is hopeful that the

issue will be resolved amicably, and accordingly there is

no need to make provision for the same during the quarter

and year ended March 31, 2022. The balance receivable

has been shown as recoverable from customers under

Other current financial assets as at March 31, 2022.

58 During the current year, the managerial remuneration

provided by the Company in relation to its Manager is in

excess of the limits laid down under Section 197 of the

Companies Act, 2013, read with schedule V to the Act by

` 0.69 crore. The Company is in the process of obtaining

letter of credit, claim against suppliers, insurance claims, Bank guarantee invocation etc.:

letter of credit of USD 20.00 million and lien

over margin money deposit amounting to 10% of the

loan facility availed by a subsidiary company in UAE.

(d) Secured Working Capital Loan from banks under

consortium

arrangement

carrying

amount

as

at

March 31, 2022 of ` 264.72 Crore (March 31, 2021:

` 166.65 crore), the banks includes Union Bank of India,

State Bank of India, IDBI Bank Limited, DBS Bank India

Limited, Axis Bank Limited, ICICI Bank Limited, IndusInd

Bank Limited, IDFC First Bank Limited and RBL Bank

Limited, the lead bank for the consortium arrangement is

Union Bank of India. The loan carries a variable interest rate

which ranges from 8.45% to 12.00% (March 31, 2021:

8.50% to 11.75%). The loans are secured by first pari

passu charge over the current assets and movable fixed

assets (excluding leasehold improvements and capital

work-in-progress) of the Company. Working Capital Loan

is subject to repayment / roll-over on due date, for a period

of 30-180 days based on santioned terms and conditions.

(e) Secured commercial paper from IIFCL Mutual Fund

Infrastructure Debt Fund Series-I having carrying amount

as at 31 March 2021 of ` 37.34 crore carries a discount

rate of 9.75% p.a.. The commercial paper is repayable

on December 2021 and was fully prepaid on 14 October

2021 along with interest upto the date of prepayment.:

letter of credit etc.:

letter of credit payable

(USD)

-

(0.00)

-

-

-

(20.37)

-

-

The amounts relating to items designated as hedging instruments and hedge ineffectiveness are as follows:

Foreign

currency risk

March 31, 2022

During the year ended March 31, 2022

Carrying amount

Nominal

amount

Assets Liabilities

Changes in the

value of the

hedging instrument

recognised in OCI

Hedge

ineffectiveness

recognised in

profit or loss

Cost of

hedging

recognised in

OCI

March 31, 2022

AUD-INR

-

-

-

0.30

-

-

AUD-USD

10.60

-

(20.37)

75.77

(0.02)

-

USD-INR

1.60

-

(0.00)

0.45

-

-

The following table provides a reconciliation by risk category of components of equity and analysis of OCI items,

net of tax, resulting from cash flow hedge accounting :

March 31, 2022

Equity head

Effective portion of

cash flow hedges

Cost of

hedging

Balance as at April 1, 2021

(74.08)

-

Cash flow hedges

Changes in fair value :

Highly probable forecast cash flows – Trade receivables

20.94

-

Highly probable forecast cash flows – Trade payable and: Letter of credit

payable

0.45

-

Amount reclassified to profit or loss - Highly probable forecast cash

flows – Trade receivables

55.13

-

Amount included in the cost of non-financial items

-

-

Tax on movements in relevant items of OCI during the year

(3.77)

-

Tax on relevant items of OCI during the year reclassified to profit or loss

(13.88)

-

Balance as at March 31, 2022

(15.21)

-

letter of credit payable

(USD)

-

(0.45)

-

-

0.02

(96.86)

-

-

The amounts relating to items designated as hedging instruments and hedge ineffectiveness are as follows:

Foreign

currency risk

March 31, 2021

During the year ended March 31, 2021

Carrying amount

Nominal

amount

Assets Liabilities

Changes in the

value of the

hedging instrument

recognised in OCI

Hedge

ineffectiveness

recognised in

profit or loss

Cost of

hedging

recognised in

OCI

March 31, 2021

AUD-INR

0.06

-

(0.30)

(0.30)

-

-

AUD-USD

17.01

1.92

(97.93)

(96.03)

0.02

-

USD-INR

0.31

-

(0.45)

(0.45)

-

-

The following table provides a reconciliation by risk category of components of equity and analysis of OCI items,

net of tax, resulting from cash flow hedge accounting ::

Letter of credit

payable

(0.45)

-

Amount reclassified to profit or loss - Highly probable forecast cash

flows – Trade receivables

63.10

-

Amount included in the cost of non-financial items

-

-

Tax on movements in relevant items of OCI during the year

38.65

-

Tax on relevant items of OCI during the year reclassified to profit or loss

(15.88)

-

Balance as at March 31, 2021

(74.08)

-

(b) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because

of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to

security deposits, loans given and borrowings from financial institutions.

For details of the Group’s short-term and long-term loans and borrowings, including interest rate profiles, refer to

Note 25 and 27 of these financial statements.

Particulars

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Fixed rate instruments

Financial Assets

48.75

959.98

Financial liabilities

(399.83)

(381.24)

(351.08)

578.74

Variable rate instruments

Financial liabilities

(46.37)

(97.79)

(46.37)

(97.79)

Interest rate sensitivity - fixed rate instruments

The Group’s fixed rate borrowings and fixed rate bank deposits are carried at amortised cost. They are therefore

not subject to interest rate risk as defined in Ind AS 107, since neither the carrying amount nor the future cash flow

will fluctuate because of a change in market interest rates.:

letter, to go

ahead with the works/maintenance of the plant where

in they also assured the Company that they would make

the payment if the customer failed to pay. As on date

the customer owes Holding Company ` 92.45 crore.

In addition, an amount of ` 64.10 crore under confirmed,

irrevocable Letters of Credit arranged by the customer

from their bank mainly for the supplies which had been

discounted by Holding Company, after confirmation,

both from the customer and their bank, became due.

Due to the NCLT actions against the customer group,

the customer’s bank refused to make the payment to

the Holding Company’s bank citing prevention against

doing the same due to the NCLT order, and the Holding

Company had to return the amount back to its bank.

During the year ended March 31, 2020, the Holding

Company has initiated legal proceedings in both these

matters, which are now pending with the National

Company Law Appellate Tribunal.

The Holding Company had sought legal opinion regarding

the amount due from the developer as per their assurance: letter and from the customer’s bank due to failure to pay

confirmed Letters of Credit and has been advised that

the said amounts are recoverable. The amount of ` 92.45

crore and ` 64.10 crore is shown under the head Trade

Receivables and Other Financial Assets, respectively.

Basis the aforementioned legal opinions and the

management assessment, inspite of being confident

of full recovery, considering the expected credit loss

requirement of Ind AS 109 “Financial Instruments”, the

management has recognised the provision to the extent

of ` 31.33 crore as at March 31, 2022 (March 31, 2021:

` 31.33 crore), based on management’s best estimate

of collection of the aforementioned receivables as at

March 31, 2022. This matter is covered by the Indemnity

Agreement (Refer note 59).

61 During the year ended March 31, 2022, four customers of

the Holding Company encashed advance and performance

bank guarantees amounting to `

588.51 crore.

Three of the projects are virtually completed and the last

one is about 87.50% completed as of March 31, 2022.

The Senior Management of the Company had several

rounds of discussions with the customers and are actively

engaged to resolve the matter. The Holding Company has

finalized settlement agreements with two customers,

on the basis of which the entire amount against the

corresponding bank guarantees encashed, amounting to

` 175.87 crore, was refunded by one customer, whilst the

second customer is in the process of refunding an amount

of ` 144.50 crore. Similar Settlement agreements are

under discussion for the other two projects. Based on the

current ongoing discussions, the Management is hopeful

that the issue will be resolved amicably, and accordingly

there is no need to make provision for the same during

the quarter and year ended March 31, 2022. The balance

receivable has been shown as recoverable from customers

under Other current financial assets as at March 31, 2022.

