Managing Director

CorporatE SoCiaL

rESpoNSibiLity

Mr. Sudhakar Rao

Chairman

Mrs. S Gopinath

Mr. Manoj Raghavan

ChiEf fiNaNCiaL offiCEr

Mr. Gaurav Bajaj

CoMpaNy SECrEtary

Ms. Cauveri Sriram

rEGiStrarS & SharE

traNSfEr aGENtS

TSR Consultants Pvt. Ltd

C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park

Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg

Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083

CoMMittEES

boarD of DirECtorS

auDit

Mrs. S Gopinath

Chairperson

Mr. Sudhakar Rao

Mr. Ankur Verma

as on April 20, 2022

NoMiNatioN &

rEMuNEratioN

Mrs. S Gopinath

Chairperson

Mr. N G Subramaniam

Mr. Sudhakar Rao

auDitorS

BSR & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

StaKEhoLDErS’

rELatioNShip

Mr. Sudhakar Rao

Chairman

Prof. Anurag Kumar

Mr. Manoj Raghavan

riSK MaNaGEMENt

Prof. Anurag Kumar

Chairman

Mr. N G Subramaniam

Mr. Gaurav Bajaj

rEGiStErED & CorporatE

offiCE

Tata Elxsi Limited

ITPB Road Whitefield

Bengaluru - 560 048 India

Email: investors@tataelxsi.com

CoRPoRaTE InfoRmaTIon:

Dear Stakeholders,

As I write this: letter, I’m filled with pride for Tata Elxsi. Despite

the current backdrop of geopolitical unrest and the pandemic,

we progressed considerably in 2021-22. We swiftly adopted

newer working methods and offered our team more flexibility,

emphasising on their health and well-being. The pandemic helped

us realise how robust our technology is, as we completed our

turnaround, met our targets, and rose above the challenges to

start the year on a strong footing.

The 2021-22 proved to be a busy year for Tata Elxsi as we

witnessed overall growth across industries and key geographies

and continued to execute strongly on both the top line and

bottom line. Our differentiated offerings and design-led approach

have helped us achieve the strongest growth in the Company’s

history. We grew our revenues, profit, margins, cash generation

and returns on capital during 2021-22 with operating revenue of

Rs. 2,471 crores.

OperatiOns

Our Healthcare business continued to grow strongly, while

both Transportation and Media and Communications reported

another year of sustained growth. We also witnessed a sustained

recovery in the automotive market as we won strategic deals with

both OEMs and suppliers in EV and autonomous technologies,

highlighting our technology and engineering leadership.

Our strategic deals in digital health, OTT, and video platform

deployment reflect our ability to support customers’ product and

technology transformation agendas in our key verticals.

I am pleased to share that your Company has won the OTT TV

Technology of the Year Award at the VideoTech Innovation Awards

2021 for QoEtient – the proactive QoE Improvement platform. This

is the first international award bagged by QoEtient.

4

Annual Report 2021-22

Managing Director of the Karnataka Urban

Infrastructure Development and Finance Corporation (KUIDFC), Principal Secretary - Finance, Principal

Secretary - Home; Principal Secretary to the Chief Minister of Karnataka, Development Commissioner;

he also acted as the Chief Secretary of Karnataka until retirement from the government service

He holds a Master’s Degree in Economics from the Delhi School of Economics and a Master’s Degree in

Public Administration from the Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University

leaDerShip For the next

48

Annual Report 2021-22:

Managing Director (Investment Banking Division) in Bank of America Merrill

Lynch, prior to that, he was the Group Manager & Head, Business Planning in Infosys Technologies

Limited - Corporate Planning Group

He holds a B.E. in Mechanical Engineering and PGDM from IIM, Calcutta; he has around 15 years of

experience in Investment Banking, Capital Markets, and Corporate Strategy

mr. manOj raghaVan

Ceo &: Managing director

Mr. Manoj Raghavan was appointed as the CEO & MD of Tata Elxsi in October 2019; he has over 25 years

of industry experience

Prior to this he served as the Executive Vice President and Head of the Embedded Product Design (EPD)

division, spearheading the sales, overall delivery, and P&L for this division

He joined Tata Elxsi in 1997 as Regional Manager to set up and grow Japan operations, subsequently,

he was also responsible for developing the business in South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, and China;

more recently, he was responsible for the North American business and helped grow the region to

become a top revenue earner for the Company

He holds a B.Tech in Metallurgical Engineering from IIT Madras, an MBA from The Indian Institute of

Foreign Trade, New Delhi, and has completed the Advanced Management Program from Harvard

Business School

corporate overview

statutory reports

financial statements

Tata Elxsi

49

Managing Director

of the Company.

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or

without modification(s), the following resolution

as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions

of Section 196, 197, 203 and other applicable

provisions, if any, read with Schedule V of the

Companies Act, 2013, (the “Act”) and the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 as amended

from time to time, the Company hereby approves

the re-appointment of Mr. Manoj Raghavan

(DIN:8458315) as the Chief Executive Officer

and: Managing

letter etc. with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the

Scrutinizer by e-mail to scrutinizer.tel@gmail.com

with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available

on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available

at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com

or call on toll free no.: 1800-222-990 or send a

request at evoting@nsdl.co.in

Other Instructions

1.

The voting rights of Members shall be in

proportion to their shares in the paid-up equity

share capital of the Company as on the cut-off

date. A person, whose name is recorded in the

register of members or in the register of beneficial

owners maintained by the depositories as on the

cut-off date only shall be entitled to avail the

facility of voting, either through remote e-voting

or voting at the AGM through electronic voting

system or poll paper.

2.

Any person, who acquires shares of the Company

and becomes a Member of the Company after

mailing of the Notice and holding shares as of the

cut-off date, may obtain the login ID and password

by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

However, if he/she is already registered with NSDL

for remote e-voting then he/she can use his/her

existing User ID and password for casting the

vote.

3.

The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the

conclusion of voting at the AGM, first count

the votes cast during the Meeting, thereafter,

unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting

in the presence of at least two witnesses not in

the employment of the Company and make,

not later than 48 hours of conclusion of the

AGM, a consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the

total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to

the Chairman or a person authorised by him in

writing, who shall countersign the same.

4.

The result declared along with the Scrutinizer’s

Report shall be placed on the Company’s website

www.tataelxsi.com and on the website of NSDL

www.evoting.nsdl.com.

The

Company

shall

simultaneously forward the results to National

Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited,

where the shares of the Company are listed.

Process for registration of e-mail id for obtaining

Annual Report and User ID/password for e-voting

and updation of bank account mandate for receipt

of dividend:

i.

Shareholders may register their e-mail address

or PAN, if not registered with the Depositories

(for shares held in electronic form) / Company

(for shares held in physical form), on or before

5:00 p.m. (IST) on Wednesday, June 15, 2022, to

receive the Notice to the AGM along with Annual

Report 21-22, by completing the process as under:

a.

Visit the link https://tcpl.linkintime.co.in/

EmailReg/email_register.html

b.

Select “Tata Elxsi Limited” from the dropdown

c.

Enter details in respective fields such as DP

ID and Client ID (if shares held in electronic

form) / Folio no. and Certificate no. (if shares

held in physical form), Shareholder name,

PAN, mobile no. and e-mail id.

d.

System will send OTP on mobile no. and

e-mail id.

e.

Enter OTP received on mobile no. and

e-mail id.

It may be noted that the above registration is for

the purpose of receiving communication related

NOTICE (Contd.):

Managing Director of the Company

for a period of 3 years, from October 02, 2019, to

October 01, 2022.

Subsequently, the Members at the Annual General

Meeting of the Company held on July 17, 2019,

approved the appointment and terms of remuneration

of Mr. Manoj Raghavan as the CEO & Managing

Director of the Company.

The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting

dated April 20, 2022, based on the recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration committee and

subject to the approval of the Members, has approved

the re-appointment of Mr. Manoj Raghavan as the CEO

&: Managing

Managing Director shall be in charge

of the affairs of the Company and exercise such

functions and powers as shall from time to time

be entrusted to him by the Board of Directors.

ii.

Tenure of Appointment: From October 02, 2022,

to October 01, 2027

iii.

Remuneration: Basic Salary of Rs. 8,71,884 per

month, up to a maximum of Rs. 20,00,000 per

month with authority to the Board or Committee

of Board, on the recommendation of the NRC, to

fix the salary within the above maximum amount

from time to time. The annual increments, which

will be effective April 01 each year, will be decided

by the Board, on the recommendation of NRC,

and will be merit-based and take into account the

Company’s overall performance.

iv.

Benefits, Perquisites, and Allowances:

Details of Benefits, Perquisites, and Allowances

are as follows:

i.

Rent-free

residential

accommodation

(partly furnished or otherwise) with the

Company bearing the cost of repairs,

maintenance, society charges and utilities

(e.g., gas, electricity, and water charges)

for the said accommodation or house rent,

house maintenance and utility allowances

aggregating 85% of the Basic Salary (in case

residential accommodation is not provided

by the Company).

ii.

Hospitalisation and major medical expenses,

Car facility and Telecommunication facility as

per Rules of the Company.

iii.

Other perquisites and allowances subject

to a maximum of 55% of the Basic Salary;

this shall include medical allowance, leave

travel concession / allowance and other

allowances / personal accident insurance /

club membership fees.

iv.

Contribution

to

Provident

Fund,

Superannuation Fund or Annuity Fund

and Gratuity Fund as per the Rules of the

Company.

v.

Leave and encashment of unavailed leave as

per the Rules of the Company.

v.

Commission: In addition to Salary, Benefits,

Perquisites and Allowances, the CEO & Managing

Director would be paid such remuneration by

way of Commission, calculated with reference

to the net profits of the Company in a particular

financial year, as may be determined by the Board

of the Company subject to the overall ceilings

stipulated in Section 197 of the Act. The specific

amount payable to the CEO&MD will be based

on his performance as evaluated by the Board or

the NRC and approved by the Board and will be

payable annually after the annual accounts have

been approved by the Board.

vi.

Minimum Remuneration: Notwithstanding anything

to the contrary herein contained, where in any

financial year during the currency of the tenure of

the CEO &: Managing

Managing Director.

ix.

If at any time the CEO &: Managing Director ceases

to be the Managing Director of the Company for

any cause whatsoever, he shall also cease to be a

Director of the Company.

x.

The CEO & Managing Director shall not be entitled

to supplement his earnings under the agreement

with any buying or selling commissions. He

shall not also become interested or otherwise

Details of Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment at the Annual General Meeting

Particulars

Mr. Ankur Verma

Mr. Manoj Raghavan

Date of Birth

March 25, 1976

October 16, 1971

Date of appointment

August 01, 2018

October 02, 2019

Qualifications

B.E. in Mechanical Engineering; PGDM

from IIM, Calcutta

B. Tech, (Met.) IIT, Madras; MBA,

IIFT, New Delhi; Advanced

Management Program, Harvard

Business School

Expertise in specific functional

areas

Investment Banking,

Capital Markets Corporate Strategy

IT Industry and General

Management

Directorships held in other

public companies (excluding

foreign companies and Section 8

companies)

1. Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited

2. Tata Capital Housing Finance Limited

3. Tata Teleservices Limited.

4. Tata Play Limited

5. Tata Autocomp Systems Limited

-

Memberships/

Managing Director & CEO, Chief

Financial Officer and Company Secretary

% increase in the remuneration of

Directors/KMP in the Financial year

Mr. N G Subramaniam*

-

Mrs. S. Gopinath

20%

Mr. Sudhakar Rao

39%

Prof. Anurag Kumar^

Mr. Ankur Verma*

Mr. Manoj Raghavan, MD & CEO

47%

Mr. Gaurav Bajaj, CFO^

Ms. Cauveri Sriram, Company Secretary^

**In line with the internal guidelines of the Company, no payment is made towards commission to the

Non-Executive Directors of the Company, who are in full-time employment with any other Tata company

and hence not stated.

^ Since the remuneration is only for part of the year, the ratio of their remuneration to median remuneration

and percentage increase in remuneration is not comparable and hence, not stated (ii) Percentage

increase in the remuneration of the Directors and KMPs for the financial year.:

Managing Director, Executive

Director,

Non-Executive

Directors,

Independent

Directors,

their

term,

tenure and directorship)



Board appointment



Directors’ Remuneration (Guided

by the Remuneration Policy)



Subsidiary Oversight



Code

of

Conduct

(Managing

Director, Executive Director, Non-

Executive Directors, Independent

Directors)



Board effectiveness review



Mandate of the Board Committee

The Remuneration Policy and the Charter

for NRC are available at www.tataelxsi.

com/NRC-Charter

9.

Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption,

Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

The particulars pursuant to section 134 (m) of

the Companies Act, 2013 and read with Rule

8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, is

attached with this report as Annexure-A.

10.

Business Responsibility Report (BRR)

In terms of Regulation 34(2) (f) of SEBI (Listing

Obligations

and

Disclosures

Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) the

Business Responsibility Report forms part of the

Annual Report.

11.

Risk Management Policy

The Board has adopted a Risk Management

Policy to identify and categorise various risks,

implement measures to minimise impact of these

risks where it is deemed necessary and possible,

and a process to monitor them on a regular

basis including to review and monitor the cyber

security measure. More details are provided in

the Management Discussion and Analysis and

Corporate Governance Report.

12.

Corporate Social Responsibility

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee

has been constituted for the purposes of

recommending and monitoring the CSR initiatives

of the Company.

The Board on the recommendation of CSR

Committee adopted a CSR Policy. The same is

available on Company’s website at www.tataelxsi.

com/corporatesocial-responsibility.

The CSR objectives are designed to serve societal,

local and national goals in the locations we

DIRECTORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS (Contd.):

Managing Director. In addition,

the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its Non-Executive Directors, both these codes are available on

the Company’s website (www.tataelxsi.com).

I hereby confirm that all Board members and senior management personnel have affirmed compliance with the

Code of Conduct applicable to them in respect of the year ended March 31, 2022.

Place: Bangalore

Manoj Raghavan

Date: April 20, 2022: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Gaurav Bajaj

Chief Financial Officer

Mrs. Cauveri Sriram

Company Secretary

INTERNAL CONTROL

SYSTEMS AND ThEIR

ADEQUACY

The Company has a robust Internal

controls framework, commensurate with

the size of its operations, geographical

spread and changing risk complexity,

impacted by varying internal and

external factors. The Company’s internal

control systems comprises policies

and procedures designed to ensure

sound management of its operations,

safekeeping of its assets, optimal

utilisation of resources, reliability of its

financial information, and compliance.

The Company has appointed B S R &

Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, to give

independent, objective, and reasonable

assurance on the sufficiency and

effectiveness of the Internal Controls.

The audit firm evaluates and tests the

effectiveness and appropriateness of

internal controls on a regular basis.

The Audit Committee is informed of

significant audit findings after the

evaluation, and measures taken thereof.

The various process owners implement

corrective measures in their respective

domains based on internal audit results,

thereby strengthening controls. The Audit

Committee approves the yearly internal

audit plan, examines the internal control

system’s sufficiency and effectiveness,

assesses key audit observations, and

supervises the implementation of audit

recommendations.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT

This report may contain certain forward-

looking remarks within the meaning

of applicable Securities Law and

Regulations. Many factors could cause the

Company’s actual results, performances,

or achievements to be materially different

from any future results, performances,

or achievements. Significant factors that

could make a difference to the Company’s

operations include domestic and

international economic conditions, changes

in Government regulations, tax regimes and

other statutes.

corporate overview

statutory reports

financial statements

Tata Elxsi

81:

Managing Director

Chairman, CSR Committee

Chief Financial Officer

ANNEXURE “D” TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.):

letter of even

date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an

integral part of this report

ANNEXURE “E” TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.):

letter.

1.

Maintenance

of

Secretarial

record

is

the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on their

secretarial records based on my Audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and

processes

as

were

appropriate

to

obtain

reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The

Veriﬁcation was done on the random test basis

to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes

and practices followed provide a reasonable basis

for my opinion.

3.

The correctness and appropriateness of the

ﬁnancial records and Books of accounts of the

company have not been veriﬁed.

4.

Wherever required, We have obtained the

Management

representation

about

the

compliances of laws, Rules, Regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of the management.

Our examination is limited to veriﬁcation of

procedure on random test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit is neither an assurance as to

future viability of the company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Jayashree Parthasarathy & Co

Company Secretaries

Jayashree Parthasarathy

Place: Bangalore

FCS No 4610; CP NO. 1988

Date: April 20, 2022

UDIN F004610D000164836:

Managing Director & Chief Executive officer

b)

Details of the BR Head:

sr.

no.

particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number (if applicable)

-

2.

Name

Dr. Sajiv Madhavan

3.

Designation

Chief Risk & Sustainability officer

4.

Telephone Number

+91 80 2297 9302

5.

E-mail ID

investors@tataelxsi.com:

Managing Director & Chief Executive officer.

$The Company policies are accessible to all its employees on the intranet, and other relevant policies for

its stakeholders are suitably made available.

3.

Governance related to BR

a)

indicate how frequently the Board of Directors, Committee of the Board or CEo assesses the BR

performance of the Company.

Semi-annually

b)

Does the Company publish a BR or a sustainability Report? if yes, how frequently is it published? What

is the hyperlink for viewing such report?

The Company’s Business Responsibility Report forms a part of its Annual Report, published annually, and

is hosted on the Company’s website : www.tataelxsi.com/Business-Responsibilty-Report.:

Managing Director of the

Karnataka Urban Infrastructure development

and Finance Corporation (KUIDFC); Principal

Secretary - Finance; Principal Secretary -

Home; Principal Secretary to the Chief Minister

of Karnataka; Development Commissioner and

was the Chief Secretary of Karnataka until his

super-annuation from government service on

September 30, 2009. Mr. Rao holds a Master’s

Degree in Economics from the Delhi School

of Economics and a Master’s Degree in Public

Administration from the Kennedy School of

Government, Harvard University.

He

was

conferred

with

the

Kannada

Rajyotsava Award, under the Public Service

category by the Government of Karnataka on

November 01, 2010.

As on March 31, 2022 Mr. Sudhakar Rao does

not hold any directorship in any other listed

company.

4.

Prof.

Anurag

Kumar

-

Non-Executive,

Independent director

Prof. Anurag Kumar, B.Tech (1977) IIT Kanpur,

PhD (1981) Cornell Univ., was a Member of

Technical Staff in AT&T Bell Laboratories

(1981-1988), before returning to India and

joining the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) as

a faculty member in the ECE Department. He

became a Professor in 1996, and was the Director

of IISc during 2014-2020. He has published

200 peer reviewed papers in journals and

conferences, in the area of communications

networking and distributed systems.

He has consulted for government and

private organisations, and has mentored a

networking start-up from its early years to a

global footprint. He has led the authorship of

two major books that have been used around

the world. He was the 1977 President’s Gold

Medallist in IIT Kanpur. He has been elected

Fellow of the IEEE, the Indian National

Science Academy (INSA), the Indian National

Academy of Engineering (INAE), the Indian

Academy of Science (IASc), and The World

Academy of Sciences (TWAS). He received

the 2015 Vasvik Award for Information

Technology, and the 2017 IEI-IEEE Award for

Engineering Excellence. He is a recipient of

the J.C. Bose National Fellowship, awarded

by the Department of Science Technology,

for the period 2011-2021.

As on March 31, 2022 Prof. Anurag Kumar

does not hold any directorship in any other

listed company.:

Managing Director (Investment Banking

Division) in Bank of America Merrill Lynch and

prior to that he was Group Manager & Head,

Business Planning in Infosys Technologies

Limited - Corporate Planning Group.

The details of Mr. Ankur Verma’s directorship in

other listed companies of as on March 31, 2022

are as follows:

sl.

No

Name of the

Company

Category of

directorship

1.

Tata Teleservices

(Maharashtra)

Limited

Non-Executive,

Non-Independent

Director

6.

Mr. Manoj Raghavan –: Managing director

Manoj Raghavan is the CEO & Managing

Managing Director, Non-Independent

Directors and other matters. The Independent

Directors have confirmed that they satisfy the

criteria of Independence as stipulated under

Section 149 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013

and Regulation 16 (b) of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

Familiarisation: The Independent Directors

immediately on appointment are issued a

formal: letter of appointment and a welcome

docket outlining their rights, roles and

responsibilities, and the Business overview of

the Company, policies etc. The

Managing Director

5

Yes

-

-

-

-

* Only Audit and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committees are considered.

** Excludes private/foreign/non-profit companies with charitable objects.

None of the Non-Executive Directors hold any shares and/or convertible instruments in the Company as at

March 31, 2022.

None of the Directors are related to each other within the meaning of the term “relative” as per Section 2(77)

of the Companies Act, 2013.

3.

Audit Committee

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee mandated by the statutory and regulatory requirements,

which are also in line with the mandate given by your Board of Directors, are:

1.

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to

ensure that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible;

2.

Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors of the Company;

3.

Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;

4.

Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor’s report thereon before

submission to the Board for approval, with particular reference to:

a.

Matters required to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement to be included in the

Board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013.

b.

Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same.

c.

Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management.

d.

Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings.:

Managing director:

Name

salary (Rs.) Commission (Rs.)

Contribution

to Provident

& other Funds

(Rs.)

Other

Allowances &

Perquisites

(Rs.)

Total (Rs.)

Mr. Manoj Raghavan

1,74,30,804

4,00,00,000

22,77,320

51,04,615

6,48,12,739

The Board on the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee adopted the Remuneration

policy for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and other employees of the company. The Board has also

adopted a policy on Board diversity. The said Policies are available at www.tataelxsi.com/Board-Diversity:

Managing Director

2

The Board has also constituted an Executive Committee. The terms of reference of Executive committee are

to review the capital expenditure, long term strategy, long term financial projections and cash flow.

8.

General Body Meetings

Particulars about the last three Annual General Meetings (AGMs) of the Company are:

a)

Location, date and time of Annual General Meetings held during the last 3 years:

sl.

No.

year

date

Venue

Time

1

2020-21

June 25, 2021

Video Conference / Other Audio Visual means

2.30 p.m.

2

2019-20

July 21, 2020

Video Conference / Other Audio Visual means

12.30 p.m.

3

2018-19

July 17, 2019

St.John’s Auditorium, John Nagar, Koramangala,

Bengaluru- 560 034

12.30 p.m.

b)

No Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the shareholders was held during the financial year 2021- 22.

c)

Special Resolutions passed in previous three Annual General Meetings:

(i)

At the Annual General Meeting held on June 25, 2021 a special resolution for re-appointment of Mr.

Sudhakar Rao as an Independent Director was passed.

(ii)

At the Annual General Meeting held on July 21, 2020, no special resolution was passed

(iii) At the Annual General Meeting held on July 17, 2019 a special resolution for re-appointment of Mrs.

Shyamala Gopinath as an Independent Director was passed.

d)

Details of Postal Ballot was conducted during the financial year 2021-22:

During the year, the Company sought the approval of the shareholders by way of a Ordinary Resolution

through notice of postal ballot dated December 17, 2021 for approval of the Related Party Transactions

with Jaquar Land Rover Limited,UK. The results of the Postal Ballot were announced on February 28,

2022. Mr. Madan V, Practicing Company was appointed as the Scrutiniser to scrutinise the postal ballot

and remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.

Number of members voted / Total number

of votes (shares) cast

No. of votes

in favour

No. of votes

against

No. of invalid

votes

2,420 / 90,61,787

90,59,779

2,008

Nil

99.98

0.02

Nil

e)

Procedure for Postal Ballot

The Company conducted the postal ballot in accordance with the provisions of Section 108, 110 of

the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 22 of the Companies (Management & Administration) Rules,

2014 (“Rules”).

In compliance with Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13,

2020 and Circular No. 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs

(“MCA”), Company sent the Postal Ballot Notice along with the explanatory statement in electronic form

on January 24, 2022 only to those Members whose e-mail addresses were registered with the Company/

Depositories, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The Company also published a Notice:

letter dated

26 June 2020.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions

of

Corporate

Governance

by

Tata

Elxsi

Limited (“the Company”), for the year ended

31 March 2022, as stipulated in regulations 17

to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and

paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the

Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations

and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to

time (“Listing Regulations”) pursuant to the

Listing Agreement of the Company with Stock

Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated under the listing

regulations is the responsibility of the Company’s

Management including the preparation and

maintenance of all the relevant records and

documents. This responsibility includes the

design, implementation and maintenance of

internal control and procedures to ensure the

compliance with the conditions of Corporate

Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company

for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of

the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit

nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing

Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide

a reasonable assurance whether the Company

has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations

for the year ended 31 March 2022.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above

corporate

governance

compliance

by

the

Company in accordance with the Guidance Note

on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes

(Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Certification

of Corporate Governance both issued by the

Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India

(the “ICAI”), in so far as applicable for the purpose

of this certificate. The Guidance Note requires

that we comply with the ethical requirements of

the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control

(SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform

Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial

Information, and Other Assurance and Related

Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information

and according to the explanations given to us, we

certify that the Company has complied with the

conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated

in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the

Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs

of the Company.

Restriction on use

10.

The certificate is addressed and provided to the

Members of the Company solely for the purpose

of enabling the Company to comply with the

requirement of the Listing Regulations and

should not be used by any other person or for

any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept

or assume any liability or any duty of care for any

other purpose or to any other person to whom

this certificate is shown or into whose hands it

may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B s R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

sanjay sharma

Partner

Place: Bengaluru

Membership Number : 063980

Date: 20 April 2022

UDIN: 22063980AHLFVP5261

INdEPENdENT AudITOR’s CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE WITH

THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REquIREMENTs uNdER sEBI

(Listing Obligations and disclosure Requirements) REGuLATIONs, 2015:

Managing Director

Membership no.: 063980

DIn: 0007006215

DIn: 0008458315

place: Bengaluru

Gaurav Bajaj

cauveri Sriram

Date: April 20, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director

Membership no.: 063980

DIn: 0007006215

DIn: 0008458315

place: Bengaluru

Gaurav Bajaj

cauveri Sriram

Date: April 20, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director

Membership no.: 063980

DIn: 0007006215

DIn: 0008458315

place: Bengaluru

Gaurav Bajaj

cauveri Sriram

Date: April 20, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director

Membership no.: 063980

DIn: 0007006215

DIn: 0008458315

place: Bengaluru

Gaurav Bajaj

cauveri Sriram

Date: April 20, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director

Key Managerial personnel

Mr. Muralidharan HV, Chief Financial Officer

(till July 31, 2021)

Key Managerial personnel.

Ms. Bhavana Muralidharan (till July 31, 2021)

Relative of Key Managerial personnel.

Mr. G. Vaidyanathan, Company Secretary

(till February 28, 2022)

Key Managerial personnel

Mr. Gaurav Bajaj (w.e.f August 01, 2021)

Key Managerial personnel

Mr. Adarsh narayan Ganapathy (w.e.f February 07, 2022)

Relative of Key Managerial personnel.

Mrs. Cauveri Sriram (w.e.f March 01, 2022)

Key Managerial personnel

Non-Executive Directors

Mr. n.G.Subramaniam

Key Managerial personnel

Mrs. Shyamala Gopinath

Key Managerial personnel

Mr. Sudhakar Rao

Key Managerial personnel

Mr. Ankur Verma

Key Managerial personnel

prof.Anurag Kumar

Key Managerial personnel

Tata Elxsi (India) Limited Employees Gratuity Fund

post-employment benefit plans of the Company

Tata Elxsi (India) Limited Employees provident Fund

Tata Elxsi (India) Limited Employees Superannuation Fund

Bowler Motors Limited

Group entity

Jaguar Land Rover Limited

Tata Advanced Systems Limited

Tata Chemicals Limited

Tata Class Edge-Div Of Tata Industries Limited

Tata Consultancy Services Limited

Tata Consumer products Limited

nOTES FORMInG pART OF THE FInAnCIAL STATEMEnTS (Contd.):

Managing Director of the Company has been identified as the Chief Operating

Decision Maker (CODM) as defined by Ind AS 108 - operating segments. The CODM evaluates the Company’s

performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators by industry classes.

Accordingly, the segment information has been presented for industry classes.

The Company has identified business segments as its primary segment. Business segments are primarily software

development & services and system integration and support.

Each segment item reported is measured at the measure used to report to CODM for the purposes of making

decisions about allocating resources to the segment and assessing its performance.

Revenues and expenses directly attributable to segments are reported under each reportable segment. All other

expenses which are not attributable or allocable to segments have been disclosed as unallocable expenses.

Assets and liabilities that are directly attributable or allocable to segments are disclosed under each reportable

segment. All other assets and liabilities are disclosed as unallocable. property, plant & equipment that are used

interchangeably amongst segments are not allocated to primary segment.

nOTES FORMInG pART OF THE FInAnCIAL STATEMEnTS (Contd.):

Managing Director

Membership no.: 063980

DIn: 0007006215

DIn: 0008458315

place: Bengaluru

Gaurav Bajaj

cauveri Sriram

Date: April 20, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

