Managing Director

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

196, 197, 198 and 203 and other applicable provisions, if any,

of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule V and the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014 and other applicable Rules, if any,

(“the Act”), Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 and other applicable provisions, if any, (including any

statutory amendment or modification or re-enactment thereof

for the time being in force), the relevant provisions of the

Articles of Association of the Company and all applicable

guidelines issued by the Central Government from time

to time and subject to such other approvals, as may be

necessary, consent of the Members be and is hereby accorded

to the re-appointment of Mr. Kailash Chandra Jhanwar

(DIN: 01743559) as: Managing

Managing Director of

the Company. So long as Mr. Jhanwar functions as the: Managing

letter, duly signed,

providing their email address, mobile number, self-

attested PAN card copy and Client Master copy in

case of electronic folio and copy of share certificate

in case of physical folio for sending the Annual

Report, Notice of AGM and the e-voting instructions.

After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow all

the above steps to cast your vote by electronic means.

C.

Access to join the AGM on KFin system and to

participate and vote thereat.

i.

Members will be able to attend the AGM through VC

/ OAVM platform provided by KFin. Members may

access the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/

by using the e-voting login credentials provided in

the email received from the Company / KFin.

ii.

After logging in, click on the Video Conference tab

and select the EVEN of the Company.

iii.

Click on the video symbol and accept the meeting

etiquettes to join the meeting. Please note that

Members who do not have the user id and password

for e-voting or have forgotten the same may retrieve

them by following the remote e-voting instructions

mentioned above.

Other Instructions:

I.

A person, whose name is recorded in the Register

of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners

maintained by the Depositories as on the cut-off date only

shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting as

well as voting at the AGM.

II.

Any person who acquires shares of the Company and

becomes a Member of the Company after dispatch of the

Notice of AGM and holding shares as of the cut-off date

i.e Wednesday, 10th August, 2022 may obtain the User

ID and Password in the manner as mentioned below:

a.

If the mobile number of the Member is registered

against Folio No. / DP ID Client ID, the Member

may send SMS: MYEPWD<space>E-voting Event

Number + Folio No. or DP ID Client ID to +91

9212993399

Example for NSDL: MYEPWD<SPACE>

IN12345612345678

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter, addressed

to KFin:

-

share certificate(s)

-

copy of Pan Card(s) of all the Members

-

Member’s email id and mobile number

Upon receipt of the above documents, the Company

will consolidate the holdings and return the: Letter of

Confirmation. The Member’s email ID, mobile number

and bank account will be updated in the Company’s

record. This will not only facilitate speedy communication

but also result in faster disbursal of future dividend.

Moreover, the possibility of loss / misplacement of

dividend warrants will also be eliminated.

As a subsequent step, it is also recommended that

Members consider migrating their shareholding to the

electronic mode.

43.

Depository System

The Company has entered into agreements with the

Depositories. The Depository System envisages the

elimination of several problems involved in the scrip-

based system such as bad deliveries, fraudulent

transfers, fake certificates, thefts in postal transit, delay

in transfers, mutilation of share certificates, elimination

of concept of market lot, elimination of bad deliveries,

reduction in transaction costs, improved liquidity, etc.

44.

As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, facility for

making nominations is now available to INDIVIDUALS

holding shares in the Company. Members holding

shares in physical form may obtain the Nomination

Form from the Company’s Secretarial Department at

its Registered Office or KFin or can download the form

from the following weblink https://www.ultratechcement.

com/investors/useful-information#csn. Members holding

shares in electronic form have to approach their DPs for

completing the nomination formalities.

45.

The Company has sent individual letters to all the

Members holding shares of the Company in physical

form for furnishing their PAN, KYC details and Nomination

pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_

RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated 3rd November, 2021. The

aforesaid communication is also intimated to the stock

exchanges and available on the website of the Company.

Members holding shares in physical form are requested

to go through the said communication at the following

weblink https://www.ultratechcement.com/investors/

useful-information#csn.

46.

Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular

No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8

dated 25th January, 2022 has mandated the listed

companies to issue securities in demat form only while

processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate

securities certificate; claim from Unclaimed Suspense

Account; Renewal/ Exchange of securities certificate;

Endorsement; Sub-division/ Splitting of securities

certificate; Consolidation of securities certificates/folios;

Transmission and Transposition. Accordingly, Members

are requested to make service requests by submitting a

duly filled and signed Form ISR – 4, the format of which

is available on the following weblink at https://www.

ultratechcement.com/investors/useful-information#csn.

47.

The annual accounts of the Company’s subsidiary

companies and the related information shall be made

available to Members of the holding and subsidiary

companies seeking such information at any point of time.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination,

Remuneration and Compensation Committee (“NRC

Committee”), Mr. K.C. Jhanwar (DIN: 01743559) was

appointed as: Managing

letter to shareholders: Dear Shareholders,

For many years, we have been

talking about increasing volatility and

unpredictability. The events of the last

24 months have heralded a new era of

uncertainty where both the amplitude and

frequency of shifts have vastly exceeded

anything we have seen in recent decades.

The unprecedented pandemic was

followed by supply chain whiplash, and

further disruption was brought on by the

Russia-Ukraine war. We are now staring at

the spectre of a high-interest rate and high-

inflation regime globally.

Over the years, corporations have tried to find a

balance between efficiency and resilience, with

successive decades of growth having swung the

pendulum in the direction of efficiency. The events of

the last two years have again taught us all the virtues

of reserves and resilience.

This era of disruption also presents a unique

opportunity for renewal. The exigencies of this

disruption has pushed the boundaries of innovation.

A world where traditional rules didn’t apply, freed

thinking from its conventional shackles. And we are

clearly staring at a new age, with new paradigms

and new ideas.

Global economy: The storm before

the calm?

The Global economy recovered from the pandemic

shock in 2022 on the back of supportive fiscal

and monetary policies and mass vaccination

programmes. However, at the end of FY22, the war

in Ukraine and the subsequent economic sanctions

on Russia posed a large shock. It disrupted energy

markets and supply chains and added to the already

evolving inflationary pressures and concerns over

consumer demand. Consequently, growth forecasts

have been slashed. The International Monetary Fund

(IMF) now expects the world economy to grow by

1

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Letter to Shareholders

3.6% in CY22, which is 0.8 percentage points lower

than its pre-war projections.

Many economies have experienced a sharp surge

in inflation recently, particularly in food and fuel

prices, taking their inflation rates to multi-decade

highs. Central banks have been forced to respond

to surging prices with aggressive rate hikes. The

pace of monetary tightening is turning out to be quite

swift as central bankers attempt to catch up with the

rising inflation from their ultra-accommodative stance

during the pandemic.

As the stance of monetary policy shifts, there is

greater turbulence in currency markets. The dollar

has strengthened, while emerging economies have

witnessed downward pressure on their currencies. At

the same time, energy and commodity markets have

witnessed heightened volatility. Global supply chain

disruptions due to pandemic-induced lockdowns

have been replaced by new disruptions caused by

the war in Ukraine and the economic sanctions.

While the global economic backdrop remains

challenging, there are reasons to remain optimistic.

First, despite the slowdown, IMF’s projection of

world GDP growth in CY22 is still tracking the

pre-pandemic average. Second, fiscal support

in developed economies remains above the pre-

pandemic trend, even if somewhat diluted, versus

past years. Third, mega-trends around sustainability,

green investments, digitisation, and disintermediation

remain well-entrenched and will support growth and

productivity enhancement in the medium term.

Thus, while businesses will need to remain on

guard regarding financial market volatility and cost

pressures this year, one could expect the medium-

term growth recovery to remain on track.

India: An engine of global growth

The Indian economy has not remained unscathed by

these global developments. Partly on account of the

elevated commodity prices in global markets, India’s

inflation has pushed higher than the target of the

Reserve Bank of India (RBI). To control inflationary

risks, and reduce the pressure on the rupee, RBI

has been selling reserves and unwinding the

extraordinary liquidity support provided by it during

the pandemic.

On the positive side, economic activity in India has

witnessed a sharp recovery to pre-pandemic levels

on the back of a rapid and widespread rollout of the

vaccination programme. A strong digital ecosystem,

fiscal and monetary policy and various government

schemes helped small and medium enterprises

and the worst affected sections of the population

to survive while reviving demand and bringing the

economy back on track.

Even as the global headwinds are being felt, India’s

growth recovery is progressing well, and most

estimates peg economic growth during FY23 around

the 7% range. India, therefore, is poised to be the

fastest-growing major economy in the world and an

engine of global growth.

India’s exports are exhibiting a strong buoyancy,

and economic sentiment has been supported by

a robust pipeline of infrastructure projects as well

as the government’s pragmatic policies, such as

the production-linked incentives schemes. Many

industries have witnessed fresh project investment

announcements. Foreign direct investment

flows have remained strong. The burden of non-

performing assets in the banking sector seems to

have peaked out and is easing. Dynamism in India’s

digital ecosystem, diversification of global supply

chains away from China and the greater emphasis

of investors on sustainable finance offer new

opportunities for India.

The above trends lend confidence to a robust

economic narrative for India in the medium term,

which augurs well for the corporate sector as well.

Aditya Birla Group: Dynamism and

resilience at play

The Aditya Birla Group’s pace of activity, range of

businesses, and depth of global presence provide

a useful compass to navigate this age of disruption.

Against the backdrop of our long history as a group,

dynamism leaps out as a common theme. Over the

years, we have witnessed multiple business cycles.

Across businesses and markets, our evolution is a

story of continuous renewal and regeneration, as we

aggressively invested in growth and created long-

term value for all stakeholders.

This institutional dynamism and resilience helped us

navigate an unprecedented business environment in

FY22.

The pandemic inordinately impacted the future of

work, workforce, and workplace. We have moved

with the new work ethic by focusing on a holistic

employee experience that puts equal emphasis on

growth, engagement, and wellbeing. Our employees

value and appreciate the One ABG culture, which is

profoundly embedded across the organisation. This

culture gives the ultimate competitive edge in a world

where business models are easily upended.

It has been a matter of great pride for us that

our employee engagement has continued to be

strong despite the stresses of the pandemic. 87%

of our employees stated in a survey that they

have a colleague/friend at work to lean on during

difficult times. 96% of our employees experienced

considerate behaviour from their managers during

this period.

We are only as strong as our people.

The Group’s continued focus and investment in its

people processes in good times have helped us

build and sustain a robust and agile workforce that

is able to be nimble and responsive at all times.

When corporates across the world are facing a rather

unusual phenomenon – The Great Resignation, our

employee survey score for ‘intent to stay’ remained

strong. It is higher than the Global High Performing

organisations and almost similar to pre-COVID levels.

This strong affinity is a testimony to our relentless

commitment to delivering a world of opportunities

with care to our employees.

Internal employee movements of over 5,000 (within

the businesses) were up 18% from the average of

the last two fiscals. We also focussed on bringing in

young talent, with 73% of new hires being under 35

years of age. Last year, over 9,000 new employees

joined the Group refreshing our competence base.

Building an aspirational workplace for a diverse

workforce was identified as one of the important

aspects of our new HR strategy. Enhancing the

diversity of our Group is a journey, and it is getting

strengthened with targeted efforts over time. Our

commitment to gender diversity is evident through

the appointment of seven women to senior leadership

roles. 21% of all new hires were women, and we had

102 women engineering graduates join us at plant

locations.

On the positive side, economic activity in

India has witnessed a sharp recovery to

pre-pandemic levels on the back of a rapid

and widespread rollout of the vaccination

programme.........

.............India, therefore, is poised to be the

fastest-growing major economy in the world

and an engine of global growth.

Our employees value and appreciate the One

ABG culture, which is profoundly embedded

across the organisation. This culture gives the

ultimate competitive edge in a world where

business models are easily upended.

The Aditya Birla Group’s pace of activity, range

of businesses, and depth of global presence

provide a useful compass to navigate this age

of disruption. Against the backdrop of our

long history as a group, dynamism leaps out

as a common theme. Over the years, we have

witnessed multiple business cycles. Across

businesses and markets, our evolution is a story

of continuous renewal and regeneration, as we

aggressively invested in growth and created

long-term value for all stakeholders.

2

3

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter to Shareholders

of disruption and emerged stronger and sharper —

demonstrating that care, empathy, and results are

mutually compatible. And especially so in periods of

turmoil.

Your Company’s performance

During FY22, your Company recorded net revenues

of US$ 7.1 billion (` 52,599 crores) and an EBITDA of

US$ 1.6 billion (` 12,022 crores).

The Indian cement industry will add 80-100 million

tonnes capacity by FY25, driven by increased

spending on housing and infrastructure. As India’s

building solutions champion, your Company is

committed to meeting the nation’s future needs for

housing, roads and other infrastructure.

Expansion

Your Company commissioned cement capacity of

3.2 mtpa at Patliputra Cement Works, Bihar; Dankuni

Cement Works, West Bengal and Line II of Bara

Grinding Unit, Uttar Pradesh. This is the first phase

of the 19.5 mtpa capacity expansion announced in

December 2020 and will help your Company service

the fast-growing cement demand in the Eastern and

Central regions of India.

Your Company has also commenced operations from

the bulk terminal at Kalamboli, Navi Mumbai, which is

your Company’s 7th bulk terminal.

In addition, your Company’s Board of Directors has

recently approved a fresh capex of ` 12,886 crores

towards increasing capacity by 22.6 mtpa with a

mix of brownfield and greenfield expansion. The

additional capacity would be created across the

country and achieved by setting-up integrated and

grinding units as well as bulk terminals. Commercial

production from these new capacities is expected to

go on stream in a phased manner by FY25.

Upon completion of the latest round of expansion,

your Company’s capacity will grow to 159.25 mtpa,

reinforcing its position as the third largest cement

company in the world, outside of China.

Our approach of integrating sustainability across

the value chain of our operations has served

us well. In many ways, it has contributed to

the resilience demonstrated by the business

in navigating the challenges posed by the

pandemic.

Sustainability

Sustainability is at the core of our business and

continues to guide our strategic choices. For your

Company, sustainable growth is of utmost priority.

Our approach of integrating sustainability across

the value chain of our operations has served us well.

In many ways, it has contributed to the resilience

demonstrated by the business in navigating the

challenges posed by the pandemic.

Your Company’s strong commitment to sustainable

growth is visible in its actions. UltraTech has

aligned itself with the climate goals set in the Paris

agreement. UltraTech’s GHG emission reduction

targets are validated by the Science Based Targets

Initiative (SBTi). This is yet another marker of your

Company’s commitment to building sustainable

infrastructure.

Your Company has also adopted the

recommendation of the Task Force on Climate-

Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD), and has

integrated its findings into risk management,

business planning and strategy. It has always

been your Company’s endeavour to enhance its

environment conservation measures and remain

sensitive towards societal wellbeing.

As per the S&P’s Dow Jones Sustainability Index

(DJSI), your Company’s performance has improved

by 11 points to 79, a 16% increase from the previous

year. Your Company is now ranked 7th globally on

the DJSI in the Construction Materials category. This

disclosure has helped your Company to benchmark

itself against the world’s best companies in

sustainability performance.

Digitalisation

Your Company is embracing digitalisation as a key

driver of business value. Digital tools are being

leveraged to improve productivity and efficiency.

Being a customer-centric organisation, your

Company is designing digital solutions that keep

customers at the core of innovation and achieve

a connected and smart ecosystem. With a deep

understanding of customers, the teams learn

fast, pivot rapidly, and leverage the best possible

technologies to craft state-of-the-art digital solutions.

These solutions enhance customer experience by

empowering internal stakeholders and partners,

improving efficiencies and driving collaboration.

Conclusion

The forces of change engulfing the world are

creating a whole new set of exciting possibilities

and unbelievable opportunities. Many that didn’t

even exist yesterday. We are uniquely privileged in a

way that we are not passive recipients of changing

circumstances but can actively shape our destiny.

And this tomorrow is for us to discover and build.

Across businesses, we are at the cusp of a

transformational growth cycle. As a business

house, we have always made investment decisions

based on long-term fundamental drivers like market

opportunity, demography, technology etc. Our strong

leadership position across key businesses has

come on the back of bold but calibrated long-term

bets. Given the inherent strengths of your Company,

we are again at a moment where we are uniquely

positioned to invest for long-term growth and explore

new paradigms. An exciting journey beckons.

Kumar Mangalam Birla

Chairman

4

5

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

UltraTech Cement Board Committees

A Audit Committee

C Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

F Finance Committee

N Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee

R Risk Management and Sustainability Committee

S Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Chairman

Member

A

A

A

A

N

N

N

F

S

S

S

C

R

R

C

C

F

Mr. Atul Daga

Whole-time Director and

Chief Financial Officer

R

F

Vivek Agarwal

Chief Marketing Officer

Ashish Dwiwedi

CEO – Birla White

E R Raj Narayanan

Chief Manufacturing Officer

Company Secretary

Sanjeeb Kumar Chatterjee

Ramesh Mitragotri

Chief Human

Resource Officer

Pramod Rajgaria

CEO Overseas

Sujeet Jain

Chief Legal Officer

Corporate governance approach

We, at UltraTech, believe that strong governance standards

of fairness, transparency, sustainability, accountability

and responsibility are important for the growth of any

company, industry and economy. We are bound to serve

our stakeholders equitably upholding their trust and

commitment. Corporate governance is not just about

maintaining strong balance sheet but also about creating

organisational excellence.

Our Board comprises Executive, Non-Executive and

Independent Directors who guide us in all areas of

operation, resource utilisation, maintaining sustainability

standards in alignment with the vision, mission and

values of our business. The: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors present the 22nd Annual Report together

with the audited accounts of your Company for the year

ended 31st March, 2022.

OVERVIEW AND THE STATE OF YOUR

COMPANY’S AFFAIRS

The International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) lowered its global

growth forecast by 0.8 percentage points to 3.6%, as

inflation rises and supply chains continue to be in disarray.

With ongoing supply chain disruptions and high energy

prices continuing in 2022, inflation is expected to remain

elevated for an extended period of time, and is likely to

come down only gradually as supply - demand imbalances

wane and the effects of monetary policy responses in

major economies kick in.

Towards the end of FY22, the war in Ukraine and

subsequent sanctions that disrupted global commodity

markets and supply chains further aggravated the

situation. Further more, the frequent and wide-ranging

lockdowns in China - including in key manufacturing hubs

- have also had a far reaching impact on global supply

chains. Other global risks may crystallise as geopolitical

tensions remain high.

India is expected to remain the fastest growing major

economy over 2021-24, according to the World Bank,

the IMF and the Asian Development Bank. The country

recorded GDP of 8.7% for FY22, with the industrial sector

staging a sharp rebound from a contraction of 7% in FY21.

The services sector expanded by 8.2%, owing to the rapid

growth in software and IT-enabled services exports while

agriculture and allied sectors grew by 3.9%, with food

grain production for the kharif season at a record level of

150.5 million tonnes.

The recent times have put to test the resilience of health

systems, economies, governments across the globe in

face of the pandemic. With the pandemic continuing to

evolve, the need for an effective global health strategy has

never been so pronounced. Worldwide access to vaccines,

tests, and treatments is essential to reduce the risk from

other COVID-19 variants.

Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020,

monetary policies have been geared towards mitigating

the adverse impact of the unprecedented demand and

supply-side shocks inflicted on the economy. This, in turn,

led to an overall stable economic environment. Several

high frequency indicators, such as electricity consumption,

PMI manufacturing, exports, and e-way bill creation,

GST collections reflect this. This bodes well for the

Indian economy in 2022-23, barring any geopolitical and

economic surprises.

Cement Industry FY22

The first half of FY22 witnessed a sharp recovery in

demand, supported by the low base of the pandemic-hit

H1FY21. However, H2FY22 was impacted as the demand

for cement declined due to unexpected rains in different

parts of the country, ban on construction activities in the

National Capital Region (“NCR”) and shortages of labour

and sand in the eastern region.

Although the macroeconomic factors around India’s

cement industry remain positive and will be driven by a

revival in demand, the sector is facing headwinds from a

surge in costs. The key cost constituents - coal, pet coke

and diesel, have seen a significant escalation in prices.

The increase in diesel prices resulted in an increase in

transport and logistics costs, putting further pressure

on businesses. These commodity prices are not under

the control of any constituent and there is little that the

efficiency improvement programs can do to cushion the

impact of rising costs.

As per a recent report by a credit rating agency, the Indian

cement industry will add 80-100 million tonnes capacity

by FY25, driven by increased spending on housing and

infrastructure. With the Union Budget 2022-23 providing

higher allocation for infrastructure, affordable housing

and road projects, the cement industry is poised for a

volume surge. Further, the Union Government’s thrust on

developing and improving public infrastructure (roads,

highways, metros and railways, airports, ports, logistics)

through projects like PM GatiShakti, National Infrastructure

Pipeline (“NIP”), Urban Rejuvenation Mission: AMRUT and

Smart Cities Mission is likely to boost cement demand.

Demand for affordable houses, with ticket size <` 40-

50 lakhs, is expected to rise in Tier 2 and 3 cities. The

affordable rental housing scheme, which is a sub-scheme

under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (“PMAY”), is also

likely to drive demand for cement in low-cost housing.

Given its PAN India presence, your Company has the

advantage to cater to demand across the country. This

coupled with its focus on controlling costs, conserving

cash, advancing employee well-being and sustainability,

makes your Company well placed to tide over the

uncertainties arising out of the pandemic and deliver a

robust performance.

BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

Production and capacity utilisation (grey cement)

Particulars

FY22

FY21

%

change

Installed capacity in India

(MTPA)

114.55

111.35

2.87

Production (MMT)

86.98

79.70

9.13

Capacity Utilisation

77%

71%

6

MTPA – Million Metric Tonnes Per Annum;

MMT– Million Metric Tonnes

Cement production in FY22 was higher by 9% at 86.98

million tonnes as compared to FY21 while capacity

utilisation was at 77% as against 71%.

Sales volume

(Figures in MMT)

Particulars

FY22

FY21

%

change

Grey Cement – India

87.25

80.18

8.8

Grey Cement – Overseas

4.93

4.90

4.8

White Cement

1.46

1.32

11.2

Others

0.35

-

-

Total Sales Volume

93.99

86.42

8.8

Domestic sales volume registered a growth of 9%

in FY22. Cement consumption started improving on

the back of consistent rural demand and pick-up in

infrastructure activities.

Directors’ Report and

Management Discussion and Analysis

The Indian cement industry will add 80-100 million tonnes capacity

by FY25, driven by increased spending on housing and infrastructure.

With the Union Budget 2022-23 providing higher allocation for

infrastructure, affordable housing and road projects, the cement

industry is poised for a volume surge.

70

71

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director. Dr. (Mrs.)

Pragnya Ram, Group Executive President, CSR, Legacy,

Documentation & Archives is a permanent invitee to the

Committee. Your Company has in place a CSR Policy

which is available at - https://www.ultratechcement.com/

investors/corporate-governance#policies.

Your Company’s CSR activities are focused on Social

Empowerment and Welfare, Infrastructure Development,

Sustainable Livelihood, Healthcare and Education. Various

activities across these segments have been initiated during

the year around its plant locations and adjacent villages.

During the year, your Company spent ` 96.40 crores on

CSR activities and set-off ` 6.60 crores from the excess

spent during FY21, aggregating to ` 103 crores, resulting

in 2% of the average net profits of your Company during

the last three financial years. A report on CSR activities is

provided in Annexure III which forms part of this Report.

SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND

ASSOCIATE COMPANIES

The audited financial statements of your Company’s

subsidiaries and joint ventures viz. Harish Cement

Limited, Gotan Lime Stone Khanij Udyog Private Limited,

Bhagwati Lime Stone Company Private Limited, UltraTech

Nathdwara Cement Limited (“UNCL”), UltraTech Cement

Middle East Investments Limited (“UCMEIL”), UltraTech

Cement Lanka (Private) Limited, PT UltraTech Mining

Indonesia and PT UltraTech Investments Indonesia and

their related information are available for inspection on

your Company’s website. Any Member who is interested

in obtaining a copy of the audited financial statements

of your Company’s subsidiaries may write to the

Company Secretary.

During the year ended 31st March, 2022, UNCL entered

into an agreement with Galata Chemicals Holding

Gmbh, Germany (“Galata”) for restructuring of 3B Binani

Glassfibre SARL (“3B”) as per which Galata along with

its affiliates has made necessary payments to UNCL

for the purposes of refinancing the loans given to 3B

and acquisition of entire shareholding of UNCL in 3B.

UNCL has, inter alia, transferred its entire shareholding

in 3B to Galata as on 31st March, 2022. Consequent to

the transaction, 3B has ceased to be a wholly owned

subsidiary of UNCL.

UCMEIL acquired 29.79% equity share capital of

‘RAK Cement Co. for White Cement and Construction

Materials PSC’, (“RAKWCT’) a company listed on the Abu

Dhabi and Kuwait stock exchanges for a consideration

of US$ 101.10 million. RAKWCT is engaged in the

manufacture and sale of white cement clinker, white

cement and construction materials.

This strategic acquisition strengthens your Company’s

position in the white cement business in India while also

providing access into the GCC and African markets. The

white cement market in India is witnessing robust growth,

propelled by demand in white cement-based putty as

well as other emerging new applications in coatings and

construction secters. The acquisition provides opportunity

to tap operational synergies between your Company

and RAKWCT, to improve shareholder value apart from

exploring cost efficiencies and expansion of markets.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 129(3) of the

Act read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, a

report on the performance and financial position of each of

the subsidiaries, joint venture and associate companies is

provided in Annexure IV to this Report.

PARTICULARS OF LOAN, GUARANTEE AND

INVESTMENT

Details of Loan, Guarantee and Investment covered under

the provisions of Section 186 of the Act read with the

Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules,

2014 are given in Notes forming part of the standalone

financial statements.

ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY AND FOREIGN

EXCHANGE

Information on conservation of energy, technology

absorption and foreign exchange earnings and outgo,

required to be disclosed pursuant to Section 134(3)(m) of

the Act read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, is

given in Annexure V to this Report.

PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES

Disclosures relating to remuneration and other details as

required under Section 197(12), read with the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014, are given in Annexure VI. In accordance with

the provisions of the aforementioned section, the names

and other particulars of employees drawing remuneration

in excess of the limits set out in the aforesaid rules form

part of this Report. However, in line with the provisions

of Section 136(1) of the Act, the Report and Accounts

as set out therein, are being sent to all Members of your

Company, excluding the aforesaid information. Any

Member, who is interested in obtaining these particulars,

may write to the Company Secretary.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”),

in its circular dated 10th May, 2021, introduced new

sustainability related reporting requirements to be reported

in the specific format of Business Responsibility and

Directors’ Report and Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)

82

83

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

The existing term of Mr. Kailash Chandra Jhanwar

(DIN:01743559),: Managing Director is upto

31st December, 2022. The Board at its meeting held on

22nd July, 2022, based on the recommendation of the NRC

Committee and considering the contributions made by

Mr. Jhanwar during his term of appointment, re-appointed

Mr. Jhanwar for a further period of two years with effect

from 1st January, 2023.

Resolutions seeking their re-appointment along with a brief

profile forms part of the Notice convening the AGM.

Meetings of the Board

Your Company’s Board of Directors met five times during

the year to deliberate on various matters. The meetings

were held on 7th May, 2021; 22nd July, 2021; 18th October,

2021; 27th October, 2021 and 17th January, 2022. Additional

details relating to the meetings of the Board of Directors

are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance,

which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.

Your Company has the following six Board-level

Committees, established in compliance with the

requirements of the business and relevant provisions of

applicable laws and statutes:

• Audit Committee

• Nomination, Remuneration and

Compensation Committee

• Stakeholders Relationship Committee

• Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

• Risk Management and Sustainability Committee

• Finance Committee

Details with respect to the composition, terms of reference,

number of meetings held, etc. of the above Committees

are included in the Report on Corporate Governance,

which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.

Independent Directors

Your Company’s Independent Directors have submitted

requisite declarations confirming that they continue to

meet the criteria of independence as prescribed under

Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the

Listing Regulations. The Independent Directors have also

confirmed that they have complied with the provisions

of Schedule IV of the Act and your Company’s Code

of Conduct.

Your Company’s Board is of the opinion that the

Independent Directors possess requisite qualifications,

experience, and expertise in industry knowledge;

innovation; financial expertise; information technology;

corporate governance; strategic expertise; marketing; legal

and compliance; sustainability; risk management; human

resource development and general management, and

they hold highest standards of integrity. All Independent

Directors of your Company have registered their name

in the data bank maintained with the Indian Institute of

Corporate Affairs, Manesar in terms of the provisions

of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of

Directors) Rules, 2014.

Formal Annual Evaluation

The evaluation framework for assessing the performance

of your Company’s Directors comprises of contributions

at meetings and strategic perspective or inputs regarding

the growth and performance of your Company, among

others. The NRC Committee and the Board have laid

down the manner in which formal annual evaluation of the

performance of the Board, its Committees and individual

Directors are to be made. Separate evaluation forms

are circulated to individual directors for evaluation of

the Board; its Committees, Independent Directors/Non-

Executive Directors/Executive Directors and the

Managing Director; Mr. Atul Daga,

Whole- time Director and Chief Financial Officer and

Mr. Sanjeeb Kumar Chatterjee, Company Secretary are the

Key Managerial Personnel of your Company.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises Mr. S. B. Mathur,

Mr. Arun Adhikari, Mrs. Alka Bharucha and Mr. K. K.

Maheshwari, majority of whom are Independent Directors,

with Mr. Mathur being the Chairman. Mr. K. C. Jhanwar,: Managing Director and Mr. Atul Daga, Whole-time Director

and CFO, are permanent invitees. Further details relating

to the Audit Committee are provided in the Report

on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this

Integrated Annual Report. During the year under review,

all recommendations made by the Audit Committee were

accepted by the Board.

VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER

POLICY

Your Company has in place a vigil mechanism for Directors

and employees to report instances and concerns about

unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud, or

violation of your Company’s Code of Conduct. Adequate

safeguards are provided against victimisation of those who

avail of the mechanism and direct access to the

Managing Director

1

1

Permanent Invitee: Dr. (Mrs.) Pragnya Ram, Group Executive President, CSR, Legacy, Documentation & Archives

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR

projects approved by the board are disclosed on the website of the Company

Composition of CSR Committee: https://www.ultratechcement.com/about-us/board-committees

CSR Policy and CSR Projects: https://www.ultratechcement.com/investors/corporate-governance#policies

4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of

sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules,

2014, if applicable (attach the report)

The Company has been voluntarily conducting impact assessments through Independent Agencies to screen and

evaluate select CSR programs. The Company takes cognisance of sub-rule 3 of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate

Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and shall initiate steps to conduct impact assessment of all applicable

CSR projects.

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the

Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for

set off for the financial year, if any

Sl.

No.

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from preceding

financial years (` in crores)

Amount required to be set-off for the financial

year, if any (` in crores)

1

2021-22

46.96

6.60

Annexure III

6. Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5): ` 5,149 crores

7.

(a)

Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)

:

` 103 crores

(b)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years

:

Nil

(c)

Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any

:

` 6.60 crores

(d)

Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c).

:

` 96.40 crores

8.

(a)

CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

Total Amount Spent for the

Financial Year

(K in crore)

Amount Unspent (K in crore)

Total Amount transferred to Unspent

CSR Account as per section 135(6)

Amount transferred to any fund specified under

Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135(5)

Amount

Date of transfer

Name of the Fund

Amount

Date of transfer

96.40

-

-

-

-

-

b)

Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year:

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

Sl.

No.

Name

of the

Project

Item from

the list of

activities

in

Schedule

VII to the

Act

Local area

(Yes/No)

Location of the

project

Project

duration

Amount

allocated

for the

project (`

in crores)

Amount

spent

in the

current

financial

Year (` in

crores)

Amount

transferred to

Unspent CSR

Account for the

project as per

Section 135(6)

(` in crores)

Mode of

Implementation

-Direct (Yes/No).

Mode of

Implementation-

Through

Implementing

Agency

State

District

Name

CSR

Registration

number

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

c)

Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

Sl.

No.

Name of the Project

Item from

the list of

activities in

Schedule

VII to the

Act

Local

area

(Yes/

No).

Location of the project

Amount

spent

for the

project (`

in crores)

Mode of

Implementation-

Direct (Yes/No)

Mode of Implementation -

Through Implementing Agency

State

District

Name

CSR

Registration

number

1

Preschool education

project

Anganwadies / playschools/

crèches, strengthening

Anganwadi Centre

(ii)

Yes

Rajasthan

Jodhpur, Nagaur, Jaipur,

Chittorgarh, Jhalawar,

Baran, Sirohi, Pali

0.92

Both

(Direct and

through

Implementing

agency)

UltraTech

Community

Welfare

Foundation

(“UCWF”)

CSR00006050

Madhya Pradesh

Neemuch, Dhar, Rewa

Gujarat

Amreli, Bhuj

Maharashtra

Chandrapur, Solapur

Chhattisgarh

BalodaBazaar, Raipur

Karnataka

Gulbarga

Andhra Pradesh

Kurnool, Anantapur

94

95

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Chairperson, CSR Committee

Mumbai, 29th April, 2022

(DIN: 01743559)

(DIN: 00022995)

100

101

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 06416619)

(DIN: 01743559)

Sanjeeb Kumar Chatterjee

Mumbai, 29th April, 2022

Company Secretary

108

109

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

12.21

41.85

181.1

10

Atul Daga, Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer

5.38

61.34

79.8

11

Sanjeeb Kumar Chatterjee, Company Secretary

1.49

12.33

Not Applicable

* Remuneration includes commission payable to Directors for the year ended 31st March, 2022 which is subject to the approval of the Members

of the Company.

** ` 28.34 lakhs per month has been paid to Mr K. K. Maheshwari as pension for his past services as: Managing Director.

ii.

The median remuneration of employees of the Company during the financial year was ` 6.74 lakhs.

iii.

In the financial year, there was an increase of 10.92% in the median remuneration of employees.

iv.

There were 21,921 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on 31st March, 2022.

v.

Average percentage increase made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

financial year i.e. 2021-22 was 9.65% whereas increase in the managerial remuneration for the same financial year is

25.74%.

vi.

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Remuneration Policy for Directors, KMP and

other Employees.

For and on behalf of the Board

Kumar Mangalam Birla

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral part of

this report.

Annexure VIII (Contd.)

Annexure

To,

The Members,

UltraTech Cement Limited,

B-Wing, Ahura Centre, 2nd Floor,

Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri East, Mumbai-400093

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of

the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

Kumudini Bhalerao

Partner

FCS No. F6667

CP No. 6690

UDIN: F006667D000243992

Peer Review No: 640/2019

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 29, 2022

116

117

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director

Age

65

Date of Appointment

19.10.2018

Term ending date

31.12.2022

Tenure (in years)

~3

Shareholding

14,665

Board Memberships -

Indian Listed companies

Nil

Directorship(s)

in public companies

3

Committee position

Chairman

Nil

Member

1

Profile

Mr. K. C. Jhanwar is a chartered accountant with over 42 years’

experience, 41 of them with the Group. He has held various

roles in finance, operations and general management across

the cement and chemicals business of the Group, including

greenfield and brownfield projects. He also has significant

experience in acquisitions and integration. He has been

exceptional in his networking and relationship building skills

with customers and other stakeholders and has built a strong

franchise for the business. He is a capable team builder and has

strong people skills.

Name

Atul Daga

DIN

06416619

Category of Director

Whole-time Director and CFO

Age

56

Date of Appointment

09.06.2016

Term ending date

08.06.2024

Tenure (in years)

~ 6

Shareholding

11,410

Board Memberships -

Indian Listed companies

Nil

Directorship(s)

in public companies

Nil

Committee position

Chairman

Nil

Member

Nil

Profile

Mr. Atul Daga, is a chartered accountant with over 35 years’

experience, of which over 30 years have been with the Group.

His ability to penetrate deep into business areas and his

understanding of the dynamics has been his constant strength.

His key responsibilities include risk management, audit and

compliance, planning, information technology, capital structuring

and capital allocation and best use of financial reporting. He has

undertaken several initiatives such as creating a robust platform

for managing investor relations, acquisitions of over US$ 5 billion

and setting new benchmarks for raising long-term borrowings

in the domestic financial markets. He has also successfully

set up a world class 700 seat shared services centre for your

Company. Development of financial strategy and monitoring of

control systems, internal audit and actively participating in your

Company’s growth strategy are also part of his portfolio.

Areas of expertise

Corporate Governance, Legal & Compliance

Financial literacy

General Management

Human Resource Development

Industry knowledge

Innovation, technology & digitisation

Marketing

Risk Management

Strategic expertise

Sustainability

Areas of expertise

Corporate Governance, Legal & Compliance

Financial literacy

General Management

Human Resource Development

Industry knowledge

Innovation, technology & digitisation

Marketing

Risk Management

Strategic expertise

Sustainability

Notes:

1.

No Director is related to any other Director on

the Board, except for Mr. Kumar Mangalam

Birla and Mrs. Rajashree Birla, who are son and

mother respectively.

2.

The number of directorships and committee positions

is excluding your Company.

3.

In terms of Regulation 26(1) of the Listing Regulations:

• Foreign companies, private limited companies and

companies under section 8 of the Companies Act,

2013 (“the Act”) are excluded for the purpose of

considering the limit of committees.

• The committees considered for the purpose

are audit committee and stakeholders’

relationship committee.

• None of the Directors held membership in

more than ten public limited companies and

were members of more than ten committees or

chairperson of more than five committees across

all listed companies in which they were Directors.

4.

In terms of the applicable provisions of the Listing

Regulations, where the non-executive chairperson

is a promoter of the listed entity, at least half of the

board of directors of the listed entity shall consist

of Independent Directors. Your Company’s Board

comprises of 50% Independent Directors and is

compliant with the provisions.

Appointment and Tenure of Directors:

The composition of the Board is balanced, well diversified

and compliant with the provisions of the Act, the Rules

made thereunder and the Listing Regulations.

The Directors of your Company are appointed /

re-appointed by the Board on the recommendations of the

Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee

(the “NRC Committee”) and approval of the members. The

NRC Committee inter alia considers qualifications, positive

attributes, areas of expertise and number of directorship(s)

held in other companies, as part of its recommendation to

the Board.

In accordance with the Articles of Association of

your Company, provisions of the Act and the Listing

Regulations, all Directors, except the Executive Directors

and Independent Directors, are liable to retire by rotation

and, if eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. The

Executive Directors are appointed for a fixed tenure.

The Independent Directors can serve a maximum of

two terms of five years each and their appointment and

tenure are governed by provisions of the Act and the

Listing Regulations.

Board Diversity:

Your Company recognises the benefits of having a diverse

Board. In compliance with the Listing Regulations, the NRC

Committee of the Board has formalised a policy to ensure

diversity of the Board. Policy on Board diversity is available

on www.ultratechcement.com (“Company’s website”).

Board Competency and Skills:

The Board comprises of qualified members who possess

required skills, expertise and competencies that allow

them to make effective contributions to the Board and

its Committees. The Non-Executive Directors, including

the Independent Directors are well qualified, experienced

and renowned persons from the fields of manufacturing;

strategy; finance; governance; legal; marketing; insurance;

risk management; information technology; general

management; among others.

The Directors bring to the table their individual perspective

for deliberations at the Board and Committee meetings,

which together with their collective wisdom reflect

cohesiveness and drives your Company’s growth.

The following skills / expertise / competencies have been

identified for the effective functioning of the Company and

are currently available with the Board:

• Integrity: fulfilling a director’s duties and responsibilities.

• Curiosity and courage: ask questions and persistence

in challenging management and fellow board members

where necessary.

• Interpersonal skills: work well in a group, listen well,

tactful and ability to communicate point of view frankly.

• Interest: in the organisation, its business and

the people.

• Instinct: good business instincts and acumen, ability to

get to the crux of the issue quickly.

• Believer in gender diversity.

• Active participation: at deliberations in the meeting.

Independent Directors:

‘Independence’ of Directors is derived basis the relevant

provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations.

124

125

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of appointment together with an induction kit is

provided to Independent Directors at the time of their

appointment, setting out their roles, functions, duties

and responsibilities. In terms of the Listing Regulations,

the terms and conditions of appointment of Independent

Directors are available on your Company’s website.

Familiarisation programmes for the Independent Directors

generally forms part of the Board process. Board and

Committees are updated on business performance;

operating results; risk management and mitigation

plans; efforts and initiatives around environment and

sustainability; management outlook on business;

economic / industry developments, among others.

Directors get opportunity to interact with the senior

management team including the Statutory and the Internal

Auditors of your Company. The Directors are also regularly

kept informed of other developments and regulatory

changes and corresponding impact on your Company. The

details of familiarisation programme imparted to Directors

is available on your Company’s website.

Succession Planning:

Your Company has an effective mechanism for succession

planning which focuses on orderly succession of Board

and senior management team. The NRC Committee

implements this mechanism in concurrence with the

Board. In addition, promoting senior management within

the organisation fuels the ambitions of the talent force to

earn future leadership roles.

Code of Conduct:

Doing the right things following sound, moral and ethical

business principles ensure that we are fair and transparent

to both our internal and external stakeholders.

Our values viz. Integrity, Commitment, Passion,

Seamlessness and Speed are the foundation for all actions

and decisions at your Company. They set standards for

the organisation and for employee conduct. The Board

has laid down a Code of Conduct (“the Code”) for all

Board members and senior management personnel

of your Company. The Code is available on your

Company’s website.

All Board members and senior management personnel

have confirmed compliance with the Code. A declaration

to that effect signed by the: Managing

Managing Director and Mr. Atul Daga,

Whole-time Director & CFO are permanent invitees to the

Audit Committee meetings. The Statutory and Internal

Auditors of your Company also attend the Audit Committee

meetings. The Audit Committee acts as a link between

the management, the statutory and internal auditors and

the Board.

Terms of Reference of Committee

1.

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting

process and the disclosure of its financial information

to ensure that the financial statement is correct,

sufficient and credible.

2.

Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and

terms of appointment of auditors of the Company.

3.

Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any

other services rendered by the statutory auditors.

4.

Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial

statements and auditor’s report thereon before

submission to the Board for approval, with particular

reference to:

a)

Matters required to be included in the Director’s

Responsibility Statement to be included in

the Board’s report in terms of clause (c) of

sub-section 3 of section 134 of the Act;

b)

Changes, if any, in accounting policies and

practices and reasons for the same;

c)

Major accounting entries involving estimates

based on the exercise of judgment

by management;

d)

Significant adjustments made in the financial

statements arising out of audit findings;

e)

Compliance with listing and other legal

requirements relating to financial statements;

f)

Disclosure of any related party transactions;

g)

Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.

5.

Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly

financial statements before submission to the Board

for approval.

6.

Reviewing, with the management, the statement of

uses / application of funds raised through an issue

(public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.),

the statement of funds utilised for purposes other

than those stated in the offer document / prospectus

/ notice and the report submitted by the monitoring

agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of

a public or rights issue, and making appropriate

recommendations to the Board to take up steps in

this matter.

7.

Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence

and performance, and effectiveness of audit process.

8.

Approval or any subsequent modification of

transactions of the Company with related parties.

9.

Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments.

10. Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company,

wherever it is necessary.

128

129

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, Executive Directors and

senior management.

6.

devise a policy on Board diversity.

7.

formulate the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of Directors.

8.

recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in

whatever form, payable to senior management.

Risk Management and Sustainability

Committee:

3

Members

1

Independent

Director

100%

Attendance

2

Meetings

The Risk Management and Sustainability Committee

(“RMS Committee”) is constituted in compliance with

Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations. During the

financial year ended 31st March, 2022, two meetings were

held - 3rd November, 2021 and 22nd March, 2022.

The RMS Committee is mandated to review the risk

management and sustainability process of your

Company and to provide oversight and stewardship to

your Company’s sustainability performance, manage

risks, leverage opportunities, create stakeholder value.

Your Company has established a robust governance

framework to oversee strategies for driving sustainability

and climate change related actions, addressing risks

and opportunities and ensuring accountability. The RMS

Committee is mandated to review the risk management

and sustainability process of your Company and to

provide oversight and stewardship to your Company’s

sustainability performance, manage risks, leverage

opportunities, create stakeholder value.

The objectives and scope of the RMS Committee

broadly includes

1.

Overall responsibility to monitor and approve risk

management and sustainability framework;

2.

Set climate change and sustainability strategy

and targets;

3.

Implement strategies and targets through

Corporate and Unit-level Risk Management and

Sustainability Committees;

4.

Review progress of climate change and sustainability

related targets, KPIs and issues on a regular basis;

5.

Monitor and approve risk management and

sustainability framework;

6.

Review various business risks, including climate

change risks, and recommend action plan to mitigate

the identified risks;

7.

Review and monitor operational, strategic and

cyber risks;

8.

Assist the Board in determining measures that

can be adopted to mitigate risk, ensure balance

between risk and reward and create value for your

Company’s stakeholders.

The Committee oversees progress against climate

change related targets and commitments and reviews

developments in external environment and climate related

risks and opportunities. During the year, discussions and

review were conducted on topics, including Global Cement

and Concrete Association (“GCCA”) climate ambition,

renewable energy targets, science-based target initiative

(“SBTi”) and water positivity targets.

Company-level targets, commitments and action plans

pertaining to sustainability and climate change are also

reviewed by Unit-level Committees. The Corporate

Sustainability Team ensures that key decisions and

commitments at the Board-level are relayed to Unit-level

Committees. The Unit-level Committees are led by the Unit

Head and consists of senior management at respective

Units. Their role is to translate targets and commitments

at Company level, such as commitment to science-based

targets, renewable energy, water positivity targets, etc. to

site specific action plans.

Your Company has integrated climate change and

sustainability targets in the key responsibility areas

(“KRAs”) of the CXOs, senior management and Unit-heads.

Thus, emission reduction targets and other improvement

targets related to climate change are linked with the

incentives provided to senior management.

The Committee also reviewed matters relating to cyber

security and your Company’s mitigation plan for the same.

The Directors’ Report and Management Discussion and

Analysis sets out the risks identified and the mitigation

plans thereof.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee:

3

Members

1

Independent

Directors

100%

Attendance

1

Meetings

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (“CSR

Committee”) is constituted in compliance with Section

135 of the Act. During the financial year ended 31st March,

2022, one meeting was held on 22nd March, 2022.

Dr. Pragnya Ram, Group Executive President: Group Head

- CSR, Legacy, Documentation & Archives is a permanent

invitee to the CSR Committee.

Finance Committee

3

Members

2

Independent

Directors

The Finance Committee has been constituted at the Board

level, under the Chairmanship of an Independent Director.

The Finance Committee is authorised to exercise all

powers and discharge all functions relating to working

capital management, foreign currency contracts, operation

of bank accounts and authorising officers of your

Company to deal in matters relating to excise, GST, income

tax, customs and other judicial or quasi-judicial authorities.

132

133

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director.

None of the Directors hold any convertible instruments of your Company.

Executive Directors’ Remunerations

The details of remuneration paid to the Executive Directors is as follows:

Executive Director

Relationship with

other Directors

Remuneration during 2021-22 (` in crores)

All elements of

remuneration package

i.e. salary, benefits,

pensions etc.

Performance linked

incentives, alongwith

performance criteria

(a), (b) and (c)

Service contracts,

notice period,

severance fee

Stock option

details, if any

K. C. Jhanwar: Managing

Managing Director are separate. Your

Company maintains a separate office for its Chairman. All

necessary infrastructure and assistance is made available

to enable him to discharge his responsibilities effectively.

Shareholders’ Rights: Since the quarterly and half yearly

financial performance along with significant events are

published in the newspapers and are also posted on

your Company’s website, the same are not being sent to

the shareholders.

Modified Opinion in Auditors’ Report: Your Company’s

financial statements for the year 2022 do not contain any

modified audit opinion.

Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Internal Auditors

report to the Audit Committee.

Compliance:

• A certificate from the statutory auditors confirming

compliance with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations

forms part of this Annual Report.

• A Certificate by Company Secretary in Practice that

none of the Directors have been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as Directors in the

companies by SEBI / the MCA or any such statutory

authority forms part of this Report.

• During the year under review, the Board has accepted

all the recommendations, which are required to be

made by the Committee’s constituted.

136

137

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Whole-time Director & CFO of your Company have issued necessary certificate pursuant to

the provisions of Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations certifying that the financial statements do not contain any

materially untrue statement and these statements represent a true and fair view of your Company’s affairs and the same

forms part of this Report.

Loans and advances:

No Loans and advances were given to firms / companies in which Directors are interested.

General Body Meetings:

Date and time of the AGMs, held during the preceding 3 years and the Special Resolution(s) passed thereat are as follows:

Year

Venue

Day, Date and

Time

Special Resolutions Passed

2021

Through Video conferencing (VC) /

Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM)

Wednesday,

18.08.2021;

3.00 p.m.

No Special Resolution was passed.

2020

Through Video conferencing (VC) /

Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM)

Wednesday,

12.08.2020;

3.00 p.m.

• Continuation of directorship of Mrs. Rajashree Birla as a

Non-Executive Director.

• Re-appointment of Mrs. Alka Bharucha as an

Independent Director.

2019

Ravindra Natya Mandir, P. L.

Deshpande Maharashtra Kala

Academy, Near Siddhivinayak

Temple, Sayani Road, Prabhadevi,

Mumbai – 400 025.

Thursday,

18.07.2019;

3.30 p.m.

• Re-appointment of Mr. Arun Adhikari as an Independent Director.

• Re-appointment of Mr. S. B. Mathur as an Independent Director.

• Re-appointment of Mrs. Sukanya Kripalu as an

Independent Director.

• Re-appointment of Mrs. Renuka Ramnath as an

Independent Director.

• Increase in borrowing limits from ` 6,000 crores over and above

the aggregate of the paid-up share capital and free reserves of

the Company to ` 8,000 crores over and above the aggregate of

the paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities premium of

the Company.

• Creation of charge on the movable and immovable properties of

the Company, both present and future, in respect of borrowings.

Postal Ballot - No resolution was passed through postal

ballot during the year 2021-22.

Means of Communication:

Financial results

Your Company’s quarterly / half-yearly / annual financial

results (“financial results”) are sent to the Stock

Exchanges and also published in daily newspapers viz.

The Economic Times, Business Standard, The Free Press

Journal and Navshakti (Mumbai edition). They are also

available on your Company’s website and the website of

the Group viz. www.adityabirla.com.

News releases, presentations, etc.

Official news releases and official media releases are sent

to Stock Exchanges and are displayed on your Company’s

website. Press releases are also available on the website of

the Group.

Presentations to institutional investors / analysts

Your Company actively engages with investors – both

domestic and global, keeping them updated on your

Company’s strategy, outlook, risks and opportunities.

These efforts help investors arrive at a fair valuation of your

Company’s stock.

Financial results are intimated to the Stock Exchanges, published in newspapers, emailed to analysts and investors, and

posted on your Company’s website. Investor calls are held after the announcement of every financial results during which

highlights of the performance during the quarter are shared with the analysts and queries raised by them are addressed.

Transcripts of the calls are also available on your Company’s website.

All material developments are informed to the Stock Exchanges and relevant disclosures, including presentations,

corporate dossiers are filed with the Stock Exchanges and uploaded on your Company’s website.

The table below provides the number of investor and analyst interactions held during FY22:

Particulars

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

FY22

Investor Updates

Meetings and calls

14

24

37

52

127

Financial Results

Nos.

1

1

1

1

4

Participants

388

362

475

499

1,724

Website Disclosures

The information as required to be disseminated on the website of your Company pursuant to the Listing Regulations have

been updated on the Company’s website viz. www.ultratechcement.com

Weblinks for the matters referred to in the report of Corporate Governance

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Website link

1

Policy on Board Diversity

https://www.ultratechcement.com/content/dam/ultratechcementwebsite/pdf/

policies/Board%20Diversity%20Policy.pdf

2

Terms and Conditions of Appointment of

Independent Director

https://www.ultratechcement.com/content/dam/ultratechcementwebsite/

aboutus/leadershipteam/6VVAlkQLmATo8OJAlsUS.pdf

3

Familiarisation Programme for Independent Directors https://www.ultratechcement.com/content/dam/ultratechcementwebsite/

aboutus/leadershipteam/familiarisation-programme.pdf

4

Code of Conduct for Board and Senior Management

https://www.ultratechcement.com/content/dam/ultratechcementwebsite/pdf/

policies/code-of-conduct-for-board-and-senior-management.pdf

5

Code of Practices and procedures for fair Disclosure

of unpublished price Sensitive Information

https://www.ultratechcement.com/content/dam/ultratechcementwebsite/pdf/

policies/QhRfgnukZZmmkaNQc7Bs.pdf

6

Policy on Related Party Transactions

https://www.ultratechcement.com/content/dam/ultratechcementwebsite/pdf/

policies/policy-on-related-party-transaction.pdf

7

Vigil Mechanism and Whistle- Blower Policy

https://www.ultratechcement.com/content/dam/ultratechcementwebsite/pdf/

policies/Whistle%20blower%20Policy.pdf

8

Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries

https://www.ultratechcement.com/content/dam/ultratechcementwebsite/pdf/

corporate-governance/Policy%20for%20Material%20Subsidiary.pdf

9

Quarterly, Half-yearly and Annual Financial Results

https://www.ultratechcement.com/investors/financials

10

Presentation to institutional investors and analysts

https://www.ultratechcement.com/investors/financials

11

Annual Report

https://www.ultratechcement.com/investors/financials

12

Sustainability Reports

https://www.ultratechcement.com/about-us/sustainability/sustainability

13

Financials of subsidiaries

https://www.ultratechcement.com/investors/financials

138

139

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

29th April, 2022

(DIN:01743559)

The Board of Directors

UltraTech Cement Limited

We certify that:

1.

We have reviewed the financial statement, read with the cash flow statement of UltraTech Cement Limited (“the

Company”) for the year ended 31st March, 2022 and to best of our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading;

(ii)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

2.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year

which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct;

3.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have evaluated

the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and have disclosed

to the Company’s Auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors deficiencies in the design

or operation of internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps taken or proposed to be taken to rectify

the deficiencies.

4.

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

a)

significant changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the year.

b)

significant changes in accounting policies during the year, if any, and that the same have been disclosed in the

notes to the financial statements.

c)

instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and involvement therein if any of management or

other employees having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

K. C. Jhanwar: Managing

letter) as mentioned in

the form to Nodal Officer

(IEPF) of the company

in an envelope marked

“Claim for refund from

IEPF Authority”.

After login, click on ‘Investor

Services’ tab under ‘MCA Services’

section for filing the web-based

form IEPF-5. Attach scanned copy

of requisite documents with form

Upload the filled e-form, save

a copy of uploaded e-form

and acknowledgement receipt

generated with SRN. Take print of

auto generated indemnity bond

(IEPF website Forms  Web Forms

IEPF-5  MCA Services)

After scrutinizing the documents

received, Nodal Officer of the

company to verify the claim and

furnish the e-verification report to

the IEPF Authority within 30 days

from the date of filing the claim.

On the basis of verification report

refund will be released by the IEPF

Authority in favour of claimant’s

Bank or Demat account through

electronic transfer. In case of

discrepancies, if any, intimated by

IEPF Authority, one re-submission

option is provided for rectification.

Shareholders can however claim the unclaimed dividend amount and the underlying equity shares corresponding

thereto from the IEPF Authority by following the procedure set out below:

150

151

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

forming part of the Sustainability Report

the weblink for which is https://www.ultratechcement.

com/about-us/sustainability/sustainability

8. Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and

oversight of the Business Responsibility policy (ies).

Mr. K. C. Jhanwar

DIN: 01743559

Designation:: Managing

Managing Director and Sub-Committees headed by

Manufacturing Cluster Heads and Corporate Function Heads:

− Standards and Procedures

− Safety Observation & Audit

− Training & Capability Building

− Incident Investigation

− Contractor Safety Management

− Occupational Health

− Logistics Safety

− Project Safety

Additionally, six Sub-Committees at Unit level, headed by the Unit Head, work to ensure employee safety and

occupational health in a sustained manner.

168

169

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01743559

Mumbai: April 29, 2022

S. K. CHATTERJEE

Company Secretary

` in Crores

Particulars

Note

No.

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Revenue from Operations

23

50,663.49

43,188.34

Other Income

24

611.80

788.68

TOTAL INCOME (I)

51,275.29

43,977.02

EXPENSES

Cost of Materials Consumed

25

6,459.77

5,174.94

Purchases of Stock-in-Trade

26

2,458.19

1,936.70

Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work-in-Progress

27

(358.37)

426.44

Employee Benefits Expense

28

2,359.08

2,181.99

Finance Costs

29

798.37

1,259.08

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

30

2,456.76

2,434.35

Power and Fuel

10,951.95

7,552.02

Freight and Forwarding Expense

31

11,567.64

9,939.56

Other Expenses

32

6,288.81

5,011.87

TOTAL EXPENSES (II)

42,982.20

35,916.95

Profit before Exceptional Items and Tax Expense (I)-(II)

8,293.09

8,060.07

Exceptional Items

Rates and Taxes

54

-

(164.00)

Profit before Tax Expense

8,293.09

7,896.07

Tax Expense:

Current Tax

1,518.68

1,415.05

Excess Tax Provision related to prior years

18

(305.15)

-

Deferred Tax Charge

18

13.02

1,138.95

Total Tax Expense

1,226.55

2,554.00

Profit for the Year (III)

7,066.54

5,342.07

Other Comprehensive Income

A

(i) Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss - Remeasurement (Loss)/

Gain on defined benefit plan

(17.80)

82.61

(ii) Income Tax Relating to Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss

6.22

(28.87)

B

(i) Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss - Cash Flow Hedge

(8.92)

13.15

(ii) Income Tax Relating to Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss

2.24

(3.31)

Other Comprehensive Income for the year (IV)

(18.26)

63.58

Total Comprehensive Income for the year (III+IV)

7,048.28

5,405.65

Earnings Per Equity Share (Face Value K 10 each)

40

Basic (in `)

245.00

185.20

Diluted (in `)

244.90

185.13

Significant Accounting Policies

1

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.

In terms of our report attached.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

For Khimji Kunverji & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No: 105146W/W-100621

VIKAS R KASAT

Partner

Membership No: 105317

KETAN VIKAMSEY

Partner

Membership No: 044000

ATUL DAGA

Whole-time Director and CFO

DIN: 06416619

K. C. JHANWAR: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 01743559

Mumbai: April 29, 2022

S. K. CHATTERJEE

Company Secretary

198

199

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01743559

Mumbai: April 29, 2022

S. K. CHATTERJEE

Company Secretary

Standalone Statement of Cash Flow

for the Year ended March 31, 2022 (Continued)

200

201

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Key Management Personnel (KMP)

Mr. Atul Daga - Whole-time Director and CFO

Key Management Personnel (KMP)

Mrs. Kritika Daga

Relative of KMP (Wife of Mr. Atul Daga)

246

247

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of credit or

security deposits.

262

263

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01743559

Mumbai: April 29, 2022

S. K. CHATTERJEE

Company Secretary

270

271

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01743559

Mumbai: April 29, 2022

S. K. CHATTERJEE

Company Secretary

` in Crores

Particulars

Note

No.

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Continuing Operations

Revenue from Operations

25

52,598.83

44,725.80

Other Income

26

507.81

734.17

TOTAL INCOME (I)

53,106.64

45,459.97

EXPENSES

Cost of Materials Consumed

27

7,096.49

5,793.67

Purchases of Stock-in-Trade

28

1,251.66

841.99

Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work-in-Progress

29

(383.16)

450.15

Employee Benefits Expense

30

2,534.68

2,353.02

Finance Costs

31

944.71

1,485.65

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

32

2,714.75

2,700.23

Power and Fuel

12,137.26

8,331.18

Freight and Forwarding Expense

33

11,712.33

10,043.32

Other Expenses

34

6,735.22

5,344.56

TOTAL EXPENSES (II)

44,743.94

37,343.77

Profit from Continuing Operations before Exceptional Items and Tax Expense (I)-(II)

8,362.70

8,116.20

Exceptional Items

Rates and Taxes

57

-

(164.00)

Impairment on advances

57

-

(96.74)

Profit from Continuing Operations before Tax Expense and Share in Profit / (Loss) of Associate

and Joint Venture

8,362.70

7,855.46

Share in Profit / (Loss) of Associate and Joint Venture (net of Tax expense)

1.70

2.18

Profit from Continuing Operations before Tax Expense

8,364.40

7,857.64

Tax Expense of continuing operations:

Current Tax

1,516.37

1,415.05

Excess Tax Provision related to prior years

(305.15)

-

Deferred Tax (Credit) / Charge

20

(21.16)

1,123.65

Total Tax Expense

1,190.06

2,538.70

Profit for the Year from continuing operations (III)

7,174.34

5,318.94

Profit / (Loss) attributable to Non-Controlling Interest

(10.05)

(1.25)

Profit attributable to Owners of the Parent

7,184.39

5,320.19

Discontinued Operations

Profit before tax from discontinued operations

196.54

17.35

Exceptional Item (Net)

55

159.92

166.50

Less: Provision for Impairment of disposal group classified as held for sale

(67.42)

(25.73)

Tax expense of discontinued operations

129.12

15.21

Profit after tax from discontinued operations (IV)

159.92

142.91

Profit for the year (V = III + IV)

7,334.26

5,461.85

Profit / (Loss) attributable to Non-Controlling Interest

(10.05)

(1.25)

Profit attributable to Owners of the Parent

7,344.31

5,463.10

Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)

A

(i)

Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss - Remeasurement Gain / (Loss) on Defined

Benefit Plan

(12.84)

79.34

(ii)

Income Tax Relating to Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss

5.92

(28.82)

B

(i)

Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss - Cash flow Hedge, Net Investment Hedge and

Foreign Currency Translation Reserve (FCTR)

54.82

(30.61)

(ii)

Income Tax Relating to Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss

(0.07)

(3.31)

Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the Year (VI)

47.83

16.60

Other Comprehensive Income/ (Loss) attributable to Non-Controlling Interest

1.27

(0.55)

Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) attributable to Owners of the Parent

46.56

17.15

Total Comprehensive Income for the Year (V+VI)

7,382.09

5,478.45

Total Comprehensive Loss attributable to Non-Controlling Interest

(8.78)

(1.80)

Total Comprehensive Income attributable to Owners of the Parent

7,390.87

5,480.25

Earnings Per Equity Share (Face Value K 10 each) - Continuing Operations

44

Basic (in `)

249.09

184.44

Diluted (in `)

248.98

184.38

Earnings Per Equity Share (Face Value K 10 each) - Discontinued Operations

44

Basic (in `)

5.54

4.95

Diluted (in `)

5.54

4.95

Earnings Per Equity Share (Face Value K 10 each) - Continuing & Discontinued Operations

44

Basic (in `)

254.64

189.40

Diluted (in `)

254.53

189.33

Significant Accounting Policies

1

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

In terms of our report attached.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

For Khimji Kunverji & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No: 105146W/W-100621

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

VIKAS R KASAT

Partner

Membership No: 105317

KETAN VIKAMSEY

Partner

Membership No: 044000

ATUL DAGA

Whole-time Director and CFO

DIN: 06416619

K. C. JHANWAR: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 01743559

Mumbai: April 29, 2022

S. K. CHATTERJEE

Company Secretary

284

285

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01743559

Mumbai: April 29, 2022

S. K. CHATTERJEE

Company Secretary

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow

for the Year ended March 31, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow

for the Year ended March 31, 2022 (Continued)

286

287

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Key Management Personnel (KMP)

Mr. Atul Daga - Whole-time Director and CFO

Key Management Personnel (KMP)

Mrs. Kritika Daga

Relative of KMP (Wife of Mr. Atul Daga)

(a) The following transactions were carried out with the related parties in the ordinary course of

business:

` in Crores

Nature of Transaction/Relationship

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Sale of Goods:

Grasim Industries Limited

14.48

8.76

Aditya Birla Power Composites Limited

0.35

-

Total

14.83

8.76

Purchase of Goods:

Grasim Industries Limited

1.56

1.56

Aditya Birla Renewables SPV 1 Limited

36.30

30.63

Aditya Birla Renewables Energy Limited

8.03

0.54

Total

45.89

32.73

Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment:

Grasim Industries Limited

0.54

0.03

Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment:

Grasim Industries Limited

-

0.30

Aditya Birla Housing Finance Limited

0.08

-

Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited

0.06

-

Total

0.14

0.30

Services received from:

Grasim Industries Limited

0.27

0.78

Samruddhi Swastik Trading and Investments Limited

1.13

0.96

Aditya Birla Health Insurance Limited

(0.06)

(0.28)

ABNL Investment Limited

2.90

2.30

Aditya Birla Renewables Energy Limited

-

0.01

Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited

16.83

4.42

KMP

22.51

26.93

Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited

364.93

231.19

Relative of KMP

0.01

0.08

Total

408.52

266.40

Services rendered to:

Grasim Industries Limited

1.58

1.22

Aditya Birla Housing Finance Limited

0.06

-

Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited

-

0.06

Total

1.64

1.28

Dividend Paid:

Grasim Industries Limited

611.74

214.94

Contribution to:

Post-Employment Benefit Plan

54.79

50.00

Investments:

Aditya Birla Renewable Energy Limited

1.29

3.42

Deposit given to Fellow Subsidiary:

ABNL Investment Limited

0.18

-

334

335

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of credit or security deposits.

Total Trade receivables as on March 31, 2022 is ` 3,071.61 Crores (March 31, 2021: ` 2,571.73 Crores)

The Group does not have higher concentration of credit risks to a single customer. Single largest customer has total

exposure in sales of 2.4% (March 31, 2021: 2.0%) and in receivables of 10.2% (March 31, 2021: 9.5%).

350

351

UltraTech Cement Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Corporate Overview

Value Creation Approach

Our Performance

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01743559

Mumbai: April 29, 2022

S. K. CHATTERJEE

Company Secretary

358

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

