managing director of

Lehumo Women’s Investment Holdings and also

previously held the role of HRD/Transformation

Executive at Tongaat Hulett Group. Her

considerable and varied experience includes

human resource consulting, change management

and B-BBEE investing.

Committee membership

^

3. Tshidi Mokgabudi (67)

CA(SA), Dip in Tax Law, BCompt (Hons), BCompt

and BCom (Economics & Industrial Psychology)

Date of appointment

15 October 2020

Significant directorships

● Truworths Ltd

● University of Cape Town

Skills and expertise

Tshidi is a Chartered Accountant with extensive

experience in board and executive leadership,

as well as governance, spanning across both the

public and private sectors. She has extensive

financial expertise, business acumen and

leadership qualities, with more than 30 years of

accounting, auditing and advisory experience

within the public and private sectors.

Committee membership

**

4. Prof Herman Singh (60)

BSc (Mech Eng), GDE (Industrial Engineering), MBA

Date of appointment

6 September 2018

Significant directorships

● 4Sight Holdings Ltd;

● Cenfri (The Centre for Financial Regulation

and Inclusion);

● Bowwood and Main 273 Ltd; and

● Telkom Ltd.

Skills and expertise

Herman’s focus on the convergence of technology

and business has resulted in him taking on a

number of key technology-focused roles at MTN,

Vodacom and Standard Bank.

Committee membership

5. Ronel van Dijk (49)

CA(SA)

Date of appointment

6 June 2019

Significant directorships

● Musgraves Consulting;

● Burger King South Africa; and

● Grand Parade Investments Ltd.

Skills and expertise

Ronel is an experienced CFO with exposure to

corporate governance, internal controls and risk

management, strategy development and

implementation, and leadership development.

She was previously CFO of Spur Corporation and

CFO of PPC Limited.

Committee membership

6. Melvyn Lubega (32)

BBusSc (Hons) Actuarial Science, MSc Learning

and Technology (Oxford), MPP (Oxford)

Date of appointment

1 July 2020

Significant directorships

● Go1 (Co-founder and director);

● Conduit Capital Limited; and

● NEMISA NPC (National Electronic Media

Institute of South Africa).

Skills and expertise

Melvyn is an actuary by training and is an

experienced technology entrepreneur and

executive who has built businesses that serve

customers worldwide. As a referenced thought

leader, he has been invited to speak both abroad

and locally on digital transformation, disruptive

innovation, the future of the workforce, as well

as business strategy.

Committee membership

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

7. Cecil Maswanganyi (55)

BCompt, MBL (UNISA), Postgraduate Diploma

in Taxation, ACMA, GCMA

Date of appointment

1 March 2017 (previously an alternate director from

11 July 2012)

Significant directorships

● Simeka Group (executive director);

● Simeka Capital Holdings;

● Verge Management Services;

● Wescoal Holdings; and

● Specpharm Holdings.

Skills and expertise

Cecil is Group Chief Executive Officer of the

Simeka Group, a private equity investment firm.

His experience encompasses deal structuring,

strategy and public sector. He was Group General

Manager: Strategy at Transnet and was involved in

Public Sector Consulting at Accenture.

Committee membership

*

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVES

Board of directors

4

7

3

1

2

* InvestCom chair

** ARC chair

^ SETCom chair

† HCC chair

5

6

ACCOUNTABILITY

44 / Integrated annual report 2021:

letter terms, audit plan including the

materiality levels proposed and budgeted audit fees for the year

under review. There is a formal procedure and policy that governs

the process whereby the auditor is considered for non-audit

services.

The committee continuously assesses the impact of the overall

audit professional environment and current challenges. The

external auditor shared risk management priorities and response

thereto. The committee thus satisfied itself of the continued

independence and competence of the auditor.

The audit and risk committee considered the tenure of Deloitte &

Touche and has nominated, for re-election at the AGM of

shareholders, Deloitte & Touche to continue in office in

accordance with section 94(7) of the Companies Act of South

Africa. Mr Thega Marriday has been recommended by the

Deloitte Africa Executive to continue as the designated individual

auditor for Adcorp Holdings Limited for the financial year ended

28 February 2022.

The audit and risk committee has requested and has been

provided with all decision letters/explanations issued by IRBA or

any other regulator and any summaries relating to monitoring

procedures/deficiencies issued by Deloitte & Touche.

Financial statements and accounting policies

The committee has assessed the group’s accounting policies

and the consolidated financial statements for the year ended

28 February 2021 and is satisfied that they are appropriate and

comply in all respects with the Companies Act, IFRS and the

JSE Listings Requirements together with consideration of the

findings from the JSE Reporting back on proactive monitoring of

financial statements in 2020 and combined findings of the JSE

proactive monitoring of financial statements: Reviews done 2011

to 2019.

The committee reviewed the processes in place for the reporting

of concerns and complaints relating to financial reporting and

accounting practices, internal audit, contents of the consolidated

financial statements, internal financial controls and any related

matters. The committee can confirm that there were no such

complaints of substance during the year under review.

The committee supports the opinion of the board and the external

auditor with regard to the consolidated financial statements,

which have been approved by the board and will be presented to

shareholders at the AGM to be held on 29 July 2021.

Based on the information and explanations given by directors

and the internal and external auditors, the committee is of the

opinion that the accounting and internal controls, including the

ACCOUNTABILITY

72 / Integrated annual report 2021:

letter of representation to do so.

This must be done in terms of the agreement entered into between the shareholder and the CSDP or stockbroker concerned.

Any shareholder having difficulties or queries with regard to the above may contact the Company Secretary via email at

companysecretary@adcorpgroup.com.

By order of the board

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

82 / Integrated annual report 2021:

