Letter from the chairman

63

Part 1: Overview

64

Part 2: Remuneration

Policy

73

Part 3: Implementation

of remuneration policies

60 – 76

77 – 81

50 – 59

2

Providing a better life

3

2021 performance overview

6

Market risks and opportunities

8

Our business model

10

Board of directors

10

Key and senior management

4 – 11

1WHO WE ARE

AND HOW

WE CREATE

VALUE

MATERIALITY

AND STRATEGY

PERFORMANCE

GOVERNANCE

REMUNERATION

APPENDIX:

Managing director

Moolmans

BSc (Quantity Surveying), MSc, MBA

(Wits Business School)

Experience: 27 years of industry and

related experience

At Aveng for: Two years

KEY AND

SENIOR

MANAGEMENT

HERCU AUCAMP (53)***: Managing director

Aveng Steel

BCom Management Accounting,

Middle Management Programme (Wits

University), Executive Development

Programme (Kellogg Business School)

Experience: 31 years of industry and

related experience

At Aveng for: Ten years

managing director

Aveng Manufacturing

BSc (Civil Engineering), Member of

Engineering Council of South Africa and

South African Council for Project and

Construction Management Professionals

Experience: 42 years of industry and

related experience

At Aveng for: 41 years

LIESL TWEEDIE (53)

Group financial controller

BCom (Hons), CA(SA)

Experience: 26 years of industry

and related experience

At Aveng for: Four years

EDINAH MANDIZHA (41)

Group company secretary

LLB, Associate member of Chartered

Secretaries Southern Africa

Experience: 15 years of industry and

related experience

At Aveng for: Nine years:

managing director of the business unit

and new general managers in South

Australia and Victoria to strengthen the

focus on new business in these states.

This paved the way for entry into the

Victorian market where the business

unit obtained state government

contractor registration and secured its

first project for the Victorian Schools

Building Authority at Beaumaris

Secondary College.

The expansion of Built Environs’

geographic footprint in New Zealand

gained further momentum with the

upcoming completion of its first

project, the Puhinui Station upgrade

in Auckland in joint venture with

McConnell Dowell, the award of the

Otahuhu logistics project in Auckland

and several promising tender

opportunities.

The Built Environs brand was updated

with a new logo and colour scheme,

designed to align more closely to

McConnell Dowell’s branding. This

was well received by the market and is

proving important in facilitating the

business unit’s new market entry

strategy.

Safety, health and environment

performance

McConnell Dowell recorded a lost-time

injury frequency rate (LTIFR) of

0,06 (2020: 0,08) with a 20% reduction

in the number of LTIs across the

business. The improvement in the total

recordable injury frequency rate

(TRIFR) to 0,74 against an

improvement target of 1,0 was due

largely to lower incident frequency.

The safety lead indicator, measured by

the ratio of potential harm notifications

to the number of actual incidents (PH/

AI) improved to 248,79 (2020: 182,55)

as all business units focused on

hazard reporting and finding better

ways to manage safety on work sites.

A successful upgrade to the new

ISO 45001 health and safety standard

was achieved during the year and

internal and external auditing

continues to show good compliance

with safety systems.

A targeted approach to the close-out

of actions raised from hazard

reporting and audits resulted in 100%

of actions closed out within the

permitted timeframes across all areas

of the Company. COVID-19 remains a

factor across all McConnell Dowell’s

operations and the Company

continues to provide support to staff

and communities as it works through

the pandemic. Several online support

services are provided to employees

and regular COVID-19 toolbox talks

are held on the projects. The

McConnell Dowell COVID-19

Pandemic Response Plan is

implemented on every project to

ensure that each business unit has the

highest-level response to COVID-19

restrictions and protocols.

Several projects were

recognised for excellence in

safety performance

• Lyttleton Tunnel Deluge – winner of

Health and Safety Award, CCNZ

Contractor of the Year Award

• Tuas Water Reclamation Plant –

Safety and Health Award, Safety

and Health Achievement

Recognition Programme (SHARP)

• Workplace Safety and Health

Awards (WSH) 2020, Singapore

– Silver Award.

There were no serious environmental

incidents recorded across our

operations due to consistent

application of the McConnell Dowell

management system and a strong

focus on environmental awareness.

McConnell Dowell continues to

strengthen networks and relationships

with sustainability organisations.

McConnell Dowell is a member of the

UN Global Compact and an active

contributor to the Infrastructure

Sustainability Council of Australia.

People and leadership

McConnell Dowell’s performance is

supported by strong and stable

executive and senior leadership teams

across its business units. Michael

Clemenger settled in well as: managing director of Built Environs

and plans are underway to strengthen

the leadership teams in Southeast

Asia and New Zealand to drive growth

in those businesses.

The Australian business continued to

embed its new regional operating

structure. Regional general managers

are now in place in all four geographic

regions and Kyle Mortimer was

appointed in 2021 to head up the

national rail division in Australia.

Industry leader James Glastonbury

joined McConnell Dowell as executive

general manager of Engineering,

Technology and Innovation. His

appointment will enable McConnell

Dowell to further enhance its strong

brand, built on the foundations of

creative construction and engineering

innovation.

Beyond the leadership appointments,

McConnell Dowell focused on

securing and retaining experienced

bid and delivery personnel to support

its growth strategy. In an Australian

market where industry activity is close

to record highs, the availability of

skilled people continues to shrink.

Proactive recruitment initiatives and

retention strategies have been

implemented to address the

challenge, while upward pressure on

labour costs remains a concern.

McConnell Dowell’s training and

development programme focused on

cultivating its next tranche of

executives, partnering with the

prestigious Melbourne Business

School to provide a customised

course for its high performers and

emerging leaders. McConnell Dowell

is also implementing business

development training in collaboration

with industry leader Shipley

International to ensure that its people

and leadership continue to support

the growth strategy.

LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE REMUNERATION AND

NOMINATION COMMITTEE: Dear stakeholders

I write to you during a period in time that we could never have imagined would still be with us 12 months after last year’s report

when I highlighted the difficulties we experienced as a result of COVID-19. Unfortunately, COVID-19 is still a part of our daily

lives and continues to impact our business, the world at large, livelihoods and the general wellbeing of people’s mental and

physical health. As reported in more detail in the sustainability report, we have lost 10 employees to COVID-19 and our

thoughts are with those families who have lost loved ones.

Sustainability report

Against this background, the remuneration committee (remcom) has dealt with remuneration matters at an executive level and

overseen decisions regarding the remuneration of employees during four scheduled meetings and several additional meetings.

To contextualise the decisions we have taken in the current year, it is important to elaborate on events that occurred at the end

of last year and during the current year. COVID-19 had a fundamental impact on Aveng, resulting in lockdowns and a cash

flow impact of approximately R400 million. The Group had an inherited gearing structure of over R2 billion and, combined with

financial losses and cash flow impacts, this resulted in an unsustainable capital structure. Executive management supported

by the Board negotiated with funders and providers of capital to restructure the balance sheet.

Group FD Report

The restructure affected the Group’s future sustainability and impacted numerous stakeholders, including shareholders and

funders, and the livelihoods of employees. The effort and determination of the executive team in negotiating this restructure

cannot be underestimated as, firstly, it rescued the Group from a capital structure that could have resulted in financial distress

and, secondly, it set the Group on a path to execute its strategy and return to sustainable profitability.

As part of the restructure, the shareholders who underwrote the recapitalisation of the business, wanted to ensure that the

Group was placed on a stable footing with adequate equity capital, a sustainable debt structure with reasonable repayment

terms and sufficient monthly cash flow headroom. As part of that decision-making, the underwriters wanted to ensure that

management was adequately aligned with its objectives and so a management incentive plan (MIP 2021) was put in place as

part of the restructure process, with oversight by the remcom to ensure that it met all stakeholders’ requirements and complied

with the corporate governance requirements of King IV.

In addition, as reported last year, many employees, executive management and the Board undertook salary sacrifices. As part

of our decision-making process, we decided that given the improved financial performance and capital structure, employees’

salary sacrifices would be recognised during bonus awards.

Performance

During 2021, the Group reported a profit of R988 million and basic earnings per share of 2,7 cents. The balance sheet is

substantially healthier with capital of R493 million secured from the various rights offers and debt reduced from R2,4 billion to

R1,4 billion.

MIP 2021 was implemented as a forfeitable share plan, giving the executives identical rights to all other shareholders except

that the shares are subject to vesting and performance conditions. As a result, the executives were entitled (but not obliged)

to follow their rights on the additional rights offer in April 2021 and I am very pleased to report that all the participants elected

to follow their rights and invested their own capital of R6,9 million. This reflects their commitment to the business and their

belief in its future strategy and direction.

Finally, I would like to thank the executive team for its incredible effort during these difficult times and my fellow remcom

members for all their support and effort in implementing our decisions.

The report is split into three sections:

Part 1: Overview: Work performed by the remcom during the year; and focus areas for 2022

Part 2: Remuneration Policy

Part 3: Implementation of remuneration policies

The Board will put both the Remuneration Policy and the implementation report forward for non-binding advisory shareholder

resolutions at the upcoming AGM.

I look forward to your support on the abovementioned resolutions.

MJ Kilbride

