letter

13

Operating environment

15

Stakeholder relationships

17

Risk considerations

20

Material matters

22

Chief executive officer’s review

25

Group strategy

27

ESG roadmap

29

Chief financial officer’s review

30

Value added statement

32

Performance against strategy

33

Country review

34

Sustainability review

39

Our board of directors

and demographics

41

Corporate governance review

44

Statement of compliance

45

Committee reports

47

Remuneration report

48

Report of the audit and risk committee

56

Certificate by company secretary

57

Directors’ responsibility and approval

58

Directors’ report

59

Independent auditor’s report

61

Annual financial statements

66

Accounting policies and notes to

the financial statements

71

Analysis of shareholders

131

Shareholders’ diary

131

Notice of annual general meeting

and form of proxy

132

Corporate information

141

About this

report

Strategic

Overview

Strategic

Performance

Annual

Financial

Statements

Shareholder

information

Introducing

CA&S

Our strategic

business

context

Integrated

report

2021

for the year ended 31 December

Collaboration.

Activation.

Sales.

Corporate

Governance

What we do and

where we do it

Overview of our macro-

and micro-environment

What you need to know

How did we do

Our principles

and practices

Our financial information

Ancillary details for

our stakeholders

Our goals and aspirations:

letter

In addition to the broader economic impact of the pandemic and

its knock-on effect on CA&S, we were also directly impacted by the

temporary closure, in some instances, of entire departments due

to positive tests in the workplace, with many employees having to

adapt to working from home. In our business, this is far from ideal

but the CA&S team has done well to reposition itself and to continue

to deliver to customers. I maintain that if it was easy, everyone would

do it. Our team has done exceptionally well.

The human impact of the pandemic was brought home to us again

during 2021 with a further three colleagues being sadly lost to

COVID-19 during the year. Our thoughts and prayers are with the

families of these employees and also with our other employees who

may have lost family members to the pandemic.

Given our substantial workforce of about 11 000 people, CA&S

tackled COVID-19 primarily through education on the disease,

providing the necessary PPE and making vaccines easily available.

A positive outcome of the pandemic has been that CA&S has

become more efficient and cost-effective. The crisis compelled us

to reconsider in detail and a fundamental level the value and cost of

everything that CA&S does and to eliminate what is unnecessary.

This was an exacting and, at times, uncomfortable exercise, but

CA&S is a better business today because of it.

Thankfully, towards the end of 2021, most restrictions on movement

and trade were lifted as hospitalisation rates reduced significantly

across those countries in which we operate. Although overall

vaccination rates in our trading economies remain low compared

to those in developed countries, it seems that local communities

Although 2021 was again dominated by the continued Covid-19

pandemic and the response to it, CA&S succeeded in delivering

pleasing results.

Responding

to trends

in the

operating

environment

Bolstering

our

ESG

structures

may be benefitting from increased levels of natural immunity, arising

through one or more bouts of infection. We anticipate that most of

the remaining restrictions in the countries where we operate, will

come to an end in 2022, unless a particularly dangerous mutation

like the Delta variant should appear. Nevertheless, we should

remain vigilant and continue to strongly encourage vaccination

to ensure, as far as possible, a safe working environment and

customer interaction.

That said, COVID-19 has permanently changed societies in ways

that we are only beginning to understand. In the CA&S context,

we are closely monitoring consumer and retail trends to assess

how these may impact on our businesses.

There is no doubt that consumers are under financial pressure.

They are trading down in categories by, for example, purchasing

cheaper toothpaste and shampoo, as part of a distinct migration

to private label offerings. We are seeing a major shift as private

label items improve in quality and range, with private label items

already making up about 20% of the present South African

consumer basket.

The pandemic persuaded many consumers to avoid the crowds that

congregate in large flagship malls and ‘hypermarket’-sized stores.

Smaller and regional stores are reaping the benefit as shopper

volumes diminish in the mammoth outlets. This trend is unfolding

in tandem with a swing towards online ordering through market-

disrupting apps such as Checkers 60Sixty and Woolies Dash.

The swiftly increasing numbers of delivery scooters on South Africa’s

roads show that trend to have considerable traction.

Operating environment

After the severe impact of the pandemic in 2020, the 2021 year

featured rising commodity prices and reviving global trade, with

widespread rains across sub-Saharan Africa yielding bumper crops

in several food commodities.

On the downside, the world appears to have entered an era of rising

interest rates fuelled by an aggregation of factors, with price inflation

and erratic global supply chains as the main drivers. As the cost of

money goes up, certain brand-owner clients are introducing price

increases that are not well received by retailers and cash-strapped

consumers.

The current war in Ukraine and its various potential outcomes can

impact CA&S’ business along several fronts, including inflation,

access to commodities and security of supply. The challenge for us

for 2022 is to evaluate these realities and mitigate their impacts on

our business.

In our specific markets, and despite a sharp 8.6% improvement in

Botswana’s GDP in the twelve months through September 2021,

Botswana still saw unemployment increasing to 24.5%. CA&S

fortunately benefited from a healthy 11.4% growth in the wholesale

and retail trade industry, which took pole position as Botswana’s

most significant commercial sector. As global trade and commodity

demand revives, the Ministry of Finance and Economic Development

predicts that Botswana’s GDP growth will moderate to 4.3% in 2022.

South Africa and Eswatini were the hardest hit as both countries

were afflicted by internal unrest and unprecedented rioting.:

letter continued

South Africa’s GDP fell by 6.4% in 2020, but rebounded by an

unexpected 4.9% in 2021, despite the unfortunate KwaZulu-Natal

and Gauteng riots of July 2021. If Eskom – South Africa’s primary

power producer – can keep the lights on in 2022, the country is on

track for further healthy recovery, though with slower growth than

the 2021 rebound.

In the first half of 2021, Eswatini’s GDP bounced back strongly,

supported by US$ 8 million in World Bank and IMF funding.

This promising performance was derailed to a degree by a fuel

supply crisis in July and civil protest against the absolute monarchy

of King Mswati III. GDP growth is expected to slow in 2022, driven

by the slowdown in the economic growth of its main trading partner,

South Africa.

As a tourist destination and semi-arid country that is heavily reliant

on unpredictable rain, Namibia has been hit hard by COVID-19

and a recent severe drought that restrained economic activity and

increased unemployment levels. While most of the country’s dams

are now more than 80% full and the Swakop river flowed into the

Atlantic Ocean for the first time in over a decade, large parts of

Namibia still require disaster support.

Under fresh political leadership, Zambia is recovering slowly from

a perilous financial position in 2020. Food and price inflation have

soared in recent years, but rising copper and other commodity

prices are expected to enable liquidity to start flowing back into

the country.

Like Namibia and Eswatini, Lesotho has been heavily constrained

by South Africa’s stagnant economic performance of the last

decade. Fortunately, Lesotho will benefit from rising commodity

prices and the IMF expects its GDP to expand 1.6% in 2022 and

1.8% in 2023 as water projects and mining and construction activity

regain momentum.

I remain confident that despite a challenging operational

environment, we have put the correct building blocks in

place to continue on a growth trajectory.

Environmental, Social and

Governance

Until this year, CA&S did not have a specific environmental, social

and governance (ESG) policy and allowed each business unit or

subsidiary to contribute to their own chosen ESG initiatives. This had

made sense, as we are spread across several jurisdictions that have

their own specific social and environmental needs.

However, the CA&S board and executive leadership has realised

that, as a group, we can enable more social and environmental good

by integrating our ESG activities across our countries of operation

and the group itself. In the last quarter of 2021, we accordingly

contracted independent specialists to guide CA&S through the

journey of developing an ESG roadmap that will harness our

operations and activities into a force for social and environmental

wellbeing. At this time, the group is developing an ESG baseline

in accordance with best practices, and we will report back on

this initiative through integrated and other corporate reporting.

Obviously, we will still take into consideration the specific ESG

activities of each jurisdiction.

Liquidity of CA&S shares

At the time of writing, CA&S has a primary listing on the Botswana

Stock Exchange with a secondary listing on the Cape Town Stock

Exchange (formerly 4AX). CA&S shares are, inter alia, sought after

on these relatively smaller exchanges and being tightly held, which

restricts liquidity and opportunities for the broader investor pool. To

open up market exposure to CA&S and attract fresh capital, we are

planning to migrate our listing from the Cape Town Stock Exchange

to the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) during the course of

2022. This regulatory and shareholder process will be lengthy and

requires board attention, but we view it as strategically necessary to

raise CA&S’ profile and access to the broader investment universe.

In appreciation

I am proud of the CA&S management team that, despite

a challenging environment, performed admirably. CA&S’

people in every jurisdiction continued to manage these

hurdles well to deliver exemplary bottom-line returns.

I take this opportunity to thank the board and the various executive

teams for taking on these challenges with grit, passion and resilience

and delivering results that continue to keep CA&S on its growth

path. Specifically, I want to thank the CEO, CFO, and group Exco

for an invaluable role they played. Thank you to our customers

and suppliers, as key pillars of the CA&S value chain, for being

unceasingly proactive in keeping shelves stocked, despite chronic

supply chain issues.

To our shareholders and investors, thank you for your continued

confidence in us during the worst of times. CA&S has weathered

the Covid storm well and has repositioned its business to be more

resilient. I am confident that CA&S remains on track to deliver

sustainable returns and expand its business operations.

JA Holtzhausen:

letter

Corporate social investment section in the IR

Corporate governance section in the IR

13

39

44

4

The governing body should appreciate that the group’s core purpose, its risks and opportunities, strategy, business model,

performance and sustainable development are all inseparable elements of the value creation process.

Organisational overview section

CEO’s report

CFO’s report

Corporate governance section in the IR

3 – 29

25

30

44

5

The governing body should ensure that reports issued by the group enable stakeholders to make informed assessments

of the group’s performance, and its short, medium and long-term prospects.

IR in its entirety; All other announcements published on

the BSE and CTSE News Services

6

The governing body should serve as the focal point and custodian of the corporate governance in the group.

Corporate governance section in the IR

44

7

The governing body should comprise the appropriate balance of knowledge, skills, experience, diversity and independence

for it to discharge its governance role and responsibilities objectively and effectively.

Details of the board of directors

Corporate governance section in the IR

41 – 43

44

8

The governing body should ensure that its arrangements for delegation within its own structures promote independent judgement

and assist with balance of power and the effective discharge of its duties.

Corporate governance section in the IR

44

9

The governing body should ensure that the evaluation of its own performance and that of its committees, its chair and its individual

members, support continued improvement in its performance and effectiveness.

Corporate governance section in the IR

44

10

The governing body should ensure that the appointment of, and delegation to, management contribute to role clarity

and effective exercise of authority and responsibilities.

Corporate governance section in the IR

44

11

The governing body should govern risk in a way that supports the group in setting and achieving its strategic objectives.

Chairman’s: letter

CEO’s report

CFO’s report

Corporate governance section in the IR

13

25

30

44

12

The governing body should govern technology and information in a way that supports the group setting and achieving its strategic

objectives.

Corporate governance section in the IR

44

13

The governing body should govern compliance with applicable laws and adopted, non-binding rules, codes and standards in a way

that supports the group being ethical and a good corporate citizen.

IR in its entirety

Corporate governance section in the IR

44

14

The governing body should ensure that the group remunerates fairly, responsibly and transparently to promote the achievement of

strategic objectives and positive outcomes in the short, medium and long term.

Remuneration report in the IR

48 – 55

15

The governing body should ensure that assurance services and functions enable an effective control environment, and that these

support the integrity of information for internal decision-making and of the group’s external reports.

Corporate governance section in the IR

Audit and risk committee report in the IR

44

56

16

In the execution of its governance roles and responsibilities, the governing body should adopt a stakeholder-inclusive approach that

balances the needs, interests and expectations of material stakeholders in the best interest of the group over time.

IR in its entirety

All other announcements published on the

BSE and CTSE News Services

letter of

representation) in terms of the custody agreement entered into between such shareholders and the

CSDP, CSDB or broker.

7.

Dematerialised shareholders, other than own-name registered dematerialised shareholders, who

are unable to attend the AGM and who wish to be represented thereat, must provide their CSDP

or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the custody agreement entered into between

themselves and the CSDP or broker in the manner and time stipulated therein.

8.

Shareholders present in person, by proxy or by authorised representative shall, on a show of hands,

have one vote each and, on a poll, will have one vote in respect of each share held.

By order of the board

Ms Bernadien Naude

Company secretary

29 April 2022

Centurion:

