Letter

Directors’ Report

Corporate Governance Statement

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Notes to the Financial Statements

Directors’ Declaration

Auditor’s Independence Declaration

Independent Auditor’s Report

Additional Information

56:

LETTER

4: Dear Shareholders,

It is my pleasure to present Celsius Resources Limited’s Annual Report for the financial year ending 30 June 2021, in

which the Company substantially transformed its operations with the acquisition of Anleck Limited, a private UK-

based company owning a suite of Philippine copper-gold projects held through local subsidiaries.

Philippines Focus

The strategic decision to deepen the Company’s focus on copper-gold assets in the Philippines reflects not only our

desire to leverage favourable macro-economic conditions, but also the sheer quality of these special mineral assets,

which have the capacity to drive substantial shareholder value.

MCB in particular has been proven to contain a significant copper-gold deposit and in January this year we delivered

a maiden JORC (2012) Mineral Resource Estimate of 313.8 million tonnes @ 0.48% copper and 0.15g/t gold, for 1.5

million tonnes of contained copper and 1.47 million ounces of contained gold. Exploration has continued at MCB and

we are confident that this sizable resource will continue to grow. We are concurrently carrying out a comprehensive

Scoping Study on the development of MCB.

At Sagay, the project appears to contain very large-scale porphyry copper mineralisation that remains open at depth.

Our view is that Sagay represents an excellent target for further exploration and Celsius will look to accelerate its

activities to gain a greater understanding of the size and scope of the deposit.

Both the MCB and Sagay projects were owned by Freeport-McMoRan, one of the world’s largest copper-gold

producers, before being opportunistically acquired by Anleck and subsequently vended into Celsius’s suite of

projects.

Having spent a considerable portion of my forty-plus year career developing copper-gold assets in the Philippines,

which included the development from feasibility to production of one of the country’s most successful copper mines, I

can attest to the quality of Celsius’ assets.

Team

The development of mining projects in the Philippines requires detailed knowledge of domestic laws and regulations,

labour codes and local community relations. In addition, strict adherence to Responsible Mining and Environmental

practices are a pre-requisite to successful mining operations.

Apart from my own experience, we are supported by the in-country presence of Philippines Operations Manager

Peter Hume and Community Relations Manager Ms Attilenore Austria, who have both spent decades working with

and developing mining projects both overseas and within the Philippines.

We also welcomed Blair Sergeant as Executive Director in March this year, bringing a wealth of knowledge both in

project development but also financial and corporate affairs, further supporting our Philippines activities.

With significant in-country experience, a genuine commitment to sustainable development, as well as constructive

relationships with the local communities at both MCB and Sagay. I firmly believe Celsius is well positioned to realise

these substantial opportunities and evolve into a successful mine developer and operator with a focus on responsible

mining while supporting the development of sustainable communities in which we work.

I would also like to take this opportunity to thank former CLA Directors Brendan Borg, Ashley Hood and Pine Van

Wyk who transitioned from the Board following the transaction with Anleck. Brendan, Ashley and Pine were all highly

supportive of the acquisition and understand its potential to build substantial shareholder value. I am particularly

pleased that Pine is able to continue his association with the Company as our Country Operations Director in

Namibia, overseeing development at the Opuwo cobalt-copper project.

Outlook

Celsius is entering into an exciting phase in FY2022, with a series of very important milestones upcoming.

Further confirmatory drill results are expected shortly from the MCB project and the finalisation of the Scoping Study

continues to progress. In addition, definition drilling is set to take off at Sagay with the results to feed into a maiden

JORC Resource Estimate.

These activities will see the Company continue to demonstrate that its Philippine assets are amongst the world’s best

undeveloped copper-gold opportunities and clearly warrant further development.

I would like to thank all our loyal shareholders who have joined us on this exciting journey to date and look forward to

providing more positive news as we improve our position in the Philippines and at our other prospective projects.

Yours faithfully,

Martin Buckingham

Non-Executive

Managing Director of Vanadium Resources Ltd (31 March 2017 – 18 December 2020)

Non-Executive Director of Vulcan Energy Resources Ltd (formerly Koppar Resources

Limited) (5 February 2018 – 19 November 2019)

Non-Executive

Director

of

Aldoro

Resources

Ltd

(21

November

2017

–

20 November 2019)

Mr Martin Buckingham

Non-Executive Chairman (appointed 4 February 2021)

Qualifications

MA Cantab

Experience

Mr Buckingham has over 40 years’ experience in resource industries and has been

Director and held senior management positions with various mining companies in the UK

and overseas.

Companies include Clogau Gold Mines plc, Atlas Consolidated Mining & Development

Corp (Philippines) as EVP and CFO along with a Directorship of its wholly owned

subsidiary Carmen Copper Corporation, Berong Nickel Corp, Electrum NL, Philippine

Gold plc, Director and co-founder of Consort Research Limited, a metallurgical

consultancy group based at the Royal School of Mines in London.

In 2007, he took a lead role in the consortium which successfully re-opened the Carmen

Copper Mine in Cebu, Philippines, which is now the largest copper producer in the

country, producing +40,000 tons of copper metal per year.

He retired from executive positions at Atlas group recently but remains a Director.

Recently Martin was founder of Anleck Limited which set out to develop the Makilala

project portfolio previously owned by Freeport-McMoRan.

Interest in Shares and

Options

31,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares

Nil options

Directorships held in other

listed entities

Nil:

Managing Director of Lemur Resources

Limited, as well as the former Finance Director of Coal of Africa Limited, who together

with the MD, grew the company from a sub-$2m market capitalisation to over $1.5b at its

peak.

In the capacity of Finance Director, Mr Sergeant also oversaw the development and

construction of two operating mines, one underground and one open pit, with total

production capacity of over 8mtpa. During his career, Mr Sergeant has also held the

position of: Managing

letter of appointment.

The below is as at the date of the financial report:

Key Management

Person

Appointment

Term of Agreement Base Salary (excludes GST)

$ p.a.

Termination Benefit

Willam Oliver

Non-Executive Director

No fixed term

48,000

Nil

Blair Sergeant

Executive Director

No fixed term

180,000

Nil

Martin Buckingham

Non-Executive Chairman

No fixed term

48,000

Nil

Attilenore Austria

Non-Executive Director

No fixed term

48,000

Nil

D. Share-based compensation

Options

No options were granted to Directors during the year ended 30 June 2021.

Shares

There were 52,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares were issued to the Directors on their initial appointment to the Board

during the year ended 30 June 2021 which formed part of the consideration in the acquisition of Anleck Limited.:

