Managing Director and CEO’s report .................16

How DRA creates value ...............................................23

What we do .........................................................................25

Where we work ..................................................................26

Sustainability ......................................................................33

Corporate governance ................................................41

LEADERSHIP ...........................................43

Board of Directors ...........................................................43

Key management personnel ..................................46

OPERATIONAL OVERVIEW ..................49

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW .........................59

Financial performance ................................................59

Risk management ..........................................................65

DIRECTORS’ REPORT ..........................69

REMUNERATION REPORT ....................79

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ...................99

Consolidated statement of profit or loss .......99

Consolidated statement of other

comprehensive income ...........................................100

Consolidated statement

of financial position .......................................................101

Consolidated statement

of changes in equity ................................................... 102

Consolidated statement of cash flows .........103

Notes to the consolidated financial

statements ........................................................................105

Directors’ declaration .................................................. 161

Auditors independence declaration ..............162

Independence auditor’s report to the

members of DRA Global Limited ........................163

OTHER ......................................................170

ASX Additional Information .................................... 170

Glossary ............................................................................... 174

Disclaimer .......................................................................... 175

Corporate Directory .....................................................177

Leadership

Who is

DRA Global?

Appendix 4E

Financial

Overview

Directors’

Report

Remuneration

Report

Financial

Statements

Operational

Overview

Other:

Dear Shareholders

I am pleased to report that DRA continued

to perform strongly in FY2021, illustrating

the Company’s resilience and resolve during

continued economic uncertainty and challenges.

A notable achievement in FY2021 was DRA becoming

a publicly listed company on both the Australian

Securities and Johannesburg Stock Exchanges. This

is a milestone that honours the commitment made

to shareholders in 2016. Significantly, it provides

DRA a platform for further international growth and

diversification. The Board is extremely proud, of and

grateful to, the entire DRA team which was involved

in this complex exercise. Thank you all for everything

that you did.

One of the key components of the Initial Public

Offering (IPO) process was the exit of Stockdale Street

as a shareholder. Stockdale Street, a private equity

investor, acquired a significant minority holding in

DRA in 2016. DRA’s listing was a natural exit point for

Stockdale. A process to buy back Stockdale’s shares

commenced in January 2021 and completed in April

2021, with a portion of the consideration contingent on

subsequent share price performance up to December

2023.

As COVID-19 persisted in 2021, DRA, like many other

companies, has been significantly hampered by the

uncertainties around government border restrictions

and closures. They have come at a cost to business,

and, in the case of DRA, evidenced by the challenges

faced by the Company’s Australian operations. We

hope that in the year ahead there is a more stable

environment for business to operate, particularly

in Australia. What must be said however, is that the

Board is extremely proud of how the Company has

dealt with these disruptions, often at short notice, and

the consequential uncertainties. DRA people showed

their resilience in working flexibly and connecting

via technology. Throughout the year, DRA continued

to adopt a wide range of prevention and protection

efforts across sites and offices, including successful

vaccination drives.

CHAIRMAN’S

MESSAGE

Peter Mansell:

Dear Shareholders

In a year of continued global change and uncertainty,

I am proud to be able to say that DRA achieved what

we set out to do. By completing the listing of the

Company on both the ASX and JSE, we also delivered

on a commitment made five years ago. In doing so we

have created a sustainable platform for future growth

and a vehicle to better advance our purpose, which is

to continue to deliver real value for our people, clients

and stakeholders.

Over the past few years, DRA has grown in scale

and maturity. We now operate a substantially

larger and more diverse global enterprise than

a few short years ago and we compete in a truly

global and complex marketplace.

As the world grapples with the challenge of

decarbonisation, we recognise that a transformed

and sustainable mining, minerals and metals sector

will be central to the success of these efforts. At the

same time ore bodies are increasingly deeper and

more complex, and digital technologies are driving the

commoditisation of engineering services. We wish to

position DRA as a value-add partner to the industry as

it navigates these changes and challenges. In FY2021

we confirmed a future focus on advisory services

including digital transformation, sustainability and

underground mining services. During FY2021, we

have gone to market with our advisory and digital

offering and have enjoyed early successes. We have

also grown our underground mining capability in

consulting, project delivery and operations.

The events of the last 12 months have strengthened

our resolve and confidence in the direction we have

chosen for DRA. We are confident that delivery against

our strategy will ensure that we are positioned for

success for many years to come.

MANAGING

DIRECTOR AND

CEO’S REPORT

Andrew Naudé:

Managing Director and CEO’s report

FY2021 REVIEW

Our financial results for FY2021 are testament to the

resilience of our people and our business model. We

generated $1.2B in revenue for the year, the highest

in DRA’s 37 year history. Revenue growth was driven

by the APAC/AMER region, aligned to DRA’s regional

growth strategy. We delivered on the commitments

made at IPO with underlying EBITA exceeding forecast,

notwithstanding the challenges experienced by certain

parts of the Group. Our strategy of diversification

across service offerings and jurisdictions meant that,

as a Group, we were able to post a great set of results

in trying circumstances. The work that we have done

over the past 24 months to improve and standardise

systems and processes for key business functions has

facilitated greater visibility and enabled enhanced

interconnectedness and collaboration, critical to this

success. I am proud of our performance in FY2021 and

grateful to every one of our people who all played a

role. DRA maintains a robust financial position with

more than $171M in cash and a net asset value per

share of 537 cents at 31 December 2021, up more than

30% compared to 31 December 2020.

A FOCUS ON OUR CLIENTS

In FY2021, we energised our focus and approach to

client relationships. We dealt with COVID-19-related

challenges including continued lockdowns in the

Americas, recurring infection rate spikes in South

Africa and labour shortages in Australia due to border

restrictions and closures, but our people rose to the

task and shared some great successes together with

our clients.

Major projects DRA worked on during the year

included the Kamoa-Kakula Copper Project in the

Democratic Republic of Congo which is positioned

to become one the world’s largest copper producers,

the Carmichael Coal Handling and Preparation Plant

project in Australia, the Booysendal Platinum Mine

Expansion Project in South Africa, the Tri-K Gold Project

in Guinea and the Quellaveco Copper Project in Peru.

Outsourced operations and maintenance services

were delivered without the material interruptions

caused by COVID-19 in FY2020 and consistent with our

future focus on underground mining. A large portion

of project-related revenue in EMEA for the period is

attributable to mining projects and we secured our

first underground mining operations contract for

Palabora Copper in South Africa. We also enjoyed

new wins across all regions, replenishing our order

book.

SAFETY REMAINS OUR HIGHEST

PRIORITY

The health, safety and wellbeing of our people,

communities and contractors remains our highest

priority, and we are continually looking for ways to

improve our safety performance.

DRA’s Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)

for FY2021 went to 0.779 from 0.718 in FY2020, while

our Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) improved

substantially to 0.173 from 0.249 in the previous year.

Visible

leadership

is

key

to

improving

safety

performance. During FY2021, DRA stopped work for

a “Line in the Sand” CEO-led safety movement, and

rolled out personal safety pocketbooks to our people.

As well as focusing on our peoples’ physical wellbeing,

we also put a spotlight on mental health. We provided

support through our Employee Assistance Program

(EAP), launching a new partnership with a provider in

Australia, and developed a global network of mental

health first aiders.

OUR PEOPLE

Our

focus

this

past

year

was

on

improved

communication and collaboration and we stayed

connected by embracing technology and building

relationships across the Group. We networked our

skills and capabilities across regions to help us win

new work and grow together.

A goal for the Company is to continue to move away

from businesses operating in silos as we transform

into an integrated, single DRA. This is evidenced by

executive team appointments in FY2021 and will

continue to be a focus in FY2022.

Providing development and training opportunities to

our high-performing and skilled workforce remains a

commitment of ours.

In FY2021:

• 21 graduate engineers joined DRA, with 12 promoted

to Assistant Engineers within the year.

• 145 formal training courses were completed.

• 112 leaders enrolled in leadership development

courses with a focus on leading through transition

and change.

• Over 10,000 courses were undertaken via eLearning

solutions.

2

1

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

Leadership

Who is

DRA Global?

Appendix 4E

Financial

Overview

Directors’

Report

Remuneration

Report

Financial

Statements

Operational

Overview

Other:

Managing Director and CEO’s report

I would like to acknowledge and thank our people for

their hard work, commitment, passion, and resilience

in another tough year. Everyone adapted well to

continued working from home, hybrid working models,

and returning to the office. All of this in the face of

health and wellbeing concerns, isolation, and in some

instances political unrest. COVID-19 continues to be

a challenge we must face, but I am proud of how

we worked together and the demonstration of our

company values.

OUR STRATEGY

Our traditional capabilities in predominantly minerals

processing and non-process mine infrastructure

continued to grow in 2021.

In our next chapter DRA will take a leadership position

in the future of mining. Our strategy reshapes our

business to avail of three strategic global initiatives

underpinned by five strategic pillars. The strategic

initiatives are:

INITIATIVE 1:

• Global Advisory and Digital offering: DRA has deep

expertise in the planning and feasibility of mining

assets and operations. Our capabilities range from

decarbonisation studies, program management,

operational readiness, and operational excellence.

This is coupled with technical expertise in the

digitisation of mining and associated supply chain.

INITIATIVE 2:

• Underground mining: With a continuing trajectory

of more mines moving to underground in the

decades ahead, DRA has deep expertise in the

mine planning, feasibility, engineering design and

delivery of underground mines.

INITIATIVE 3:

• Sustainability:

Decarbonisation

of

mining

operations and assets is an area of significant

growth through sophisticated simulation and

marginal abatement modelling, as well as the

engineering implementation of the proposed

pathways.

We have identified five strategic pillars to enable and

support our growth initiatives.

INNOVATION

TALENT

CLIENT

OBSESSION

PORTFOLIO

PERFORMANCE

SHAPING A

SUSTAINABLE

DRA:

Managing Director and CEO’s report

2

1

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

PILLAR 1: TALENT

Attracting the best talent in the industry is a critical

factor to organisational success. Retaining talent, in a

highly competitive marketplace, is now the challenge

to all organisations. Our Talent Pillar focuses on a set

of initiatives to invest in the ongoing development

and skill building of our technical experts through our

DRA Academy. The objective of the DRA Academy is

to place our technical employees, over time, at the

pinnacle of their career.

PILLAR 2: INNOVATION

Innovation in DRA is a team sport. It is a way of doing, as

well as a way of thinking. We bring together technical

experts from different disciplines and have them

tackle our clients most challenging problems. We use

design thinking techniques, design-led innovation

and human centred design as our process for

innovating and creating the extraordinary solutions

that challenge the status quo.

PILLAR 3: CLIENT OBSESSION

Knowing our clients’ problems and challenges better

than any other organisation is the foundation of our

Client Obsession Pillar. Our client teams go deeper into

the challenges and opportunities of our clients. We

build long-lasting and valued relationships where our

clients can trust our advice and rely on our solutions.

PILLAR 4: PORTFOLIO PERFORMANCE

Adopting a mindset of continuous improvement

in every part of our operation and project delivery

underpins our Portfolio Performance Pillar. Intentionally

designing out waste from our operations at the same

time as building reliable systems and processes for

effective project delivery, ensures that our promises

are kept to our clients.

PILLAR 5: SHAPING A SUSTAINABLE DRA

We know that for the mining industry to proactively

contribute to a net zero future, DRA will have to be at

the forefront of the advice, engineering and delivery

of the next generation of mines. To do that we must

change ourselves. In our Shaping a Sustainable DRA

Pillar, we are creating a pathway towards a net zero

DRA. It integrates ESG as a leadership doctrine in our

business, shaping the decisions we make in a way

that balances people, profit and planet.

YEAR IN REVIEW

We enjoyed solid performance in our EMEA Projects

business

and

excellent

performance

in

our

maintenance and operations business, Minopex. In

line with our strategy, we expanded our operations

business from metallurgical plant operations to

mechanised mining and built out our advisory

capabilities, taking great strides with digital mining

solutions. We have also supported our clients with

their transition into more sustainable operations,

decarbonisation, and water sustainability.

AMER continues to represent a growth area for us and

in FY2021 we were able to build on the groundwork

achieved the previous year. We responded to the

significant growth being realised in critical metals

such as copper by reaching our commitments for

a robust design and advisory offering capability.

Peru, in particular, had a great year in FY2021 and we

gained traction there. Notwithstanding the expected

cessation of the Energy Operations business in North

America, the outlook for growth in the Americas is

positive with many of our advisory studies now moving

to the next phase of project design and execution.

In APAC we centred our efforts on acquiring talent,

building our subject matter expertise, formalising our

processes and systems, improving project delivery,

and linking our technical capabilities with our team in

EMEA. This consolidation both stabilises our capability

and sets us up for growth in FY2022.

As DRA moved from a company with a collection of

global offices to a global company, corporate shared

services played a pivotal role in creating one DRA.

Over the last two years, but particularly in FY2021, we

committed to operational excellence and continuous

improvement. We built a solid team to support

improved organisational connections and facilitate

greater collaboration. Through the valuable corporate

shared services functions of IT, HR, Finance, Marketing

and Communications, and Corporate Development

we have been able to standardise processes and

operating models, create transparency, and improve

governance.

Leveraging skillsets effectively, fostering an innovation

culture, sustainability, client centricity, and end-to-

end value for clients are areas of strategic focus in

FY2022.

Leadership

Who is

DRA Global?

Appendix 4E

Financial

Overview

Directors’

Report

Remuneration

Report

Financial

Statements

Operational

Overview

Other:

Managing Director and CEO’s report

OUTLOOK

A number of major global trends are influencing

the resources industry and how we approach our

strategy and everyday work-life. These include

the increasing demand for commodities critical for

decarbonisation, new technology needed to support

this transition, digitalisation, and the longer-term

impact of COVID-19.

We have a robust pipeline which places DRA in a

strong position to address these trends in FY2022.

We will continue to help our clients operate more

sustainably

through

sophisticated

engineering

analysis, simulation and operations.

In FY2022, we expect to provide the following:

FOR OUR PEOPLE

• Security of a performance-based culture guided

by DRA values

• Clearly defined career pathways with clear

requirements for progression, promotion and

succession

• A

learning

framework

that

builds

technical

excellence

FOR OUR CLIENTS

• Partnerships for the long term

• A differentiated client experience with innovation

and co-creation of solutions at its core

• Global thought leadership with local delivery

• A laser focus on Environmental, Social, Governance

(ESG and sustainability.

To conclude, I would like to thank the Board, our clients,

and shareholders for their ongoing support. Thank

you again to our people for their contribution, without

whom none of our achievements this year would be

possible.

Andrew Naudé

Chief Executive Officer and: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Peter Mansell was appointed as Chairman of DRA in

September 2019.

Peter practised law in South Africa and Australia for

over 35 years, including at Australian law firm Freehills,

the predecessor firm to Herbert Smith Freehills where

he served as Managing Partner and its National

Chairman.

Peter has significant experience in managing large

organisations and over 20 years of experience as a

director of listed and unlisted, Australian and foreign

companies, including ASX 100 companies. Peter’s

experience covers a broad range of industries and

sectors including mining, media, agribusiness, energy,

engineering services, oil and gas, and technology

across Australia, Europe, Africa and North America.

Peter is the chairperson of ASX listed Energy

Resources of Australia and Ora Banda Mining, and

was chairperson of the WA Electricity Networks

Corporation (known as Western Power) and Zinifex. He

has also been a director of Aurecon Group, Nyrstar NV

and OZ Minerals. Peter is currently a director of Cancer

Research Fund (trustee of the Cancer Research Trust)

and Foodbank of WA Inc.

Peter is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company

Directors and has served as its WA President. He holds

a Bachelor of Commerce, Bachelor of Laws, and a

Higher Diploma in Tax Law from the University of

Witwatersand.

Andrew Naudé was appointed as: Managing

Managing Director of Bedford Road Associates,

an independent consultancy providing advice and

support for the development and delivery of major

capital expenditure projects. Bedford Road Associates

has advised Rio Tinto in Mongolia, Hyundai Engineering

and Samsung Engineering in South Korea, Otakaro

and CERA in New Zealand, and Melbourne Water and

NBN Co in Australia.

Les is a member of the Australian Institute of

Company Directors, and was also one of the founding

contributors to the John Grill Centre for Project

Leadership at The University of Sydney where he

presented a management course in Strategic Design

Thinking. He holds a Bachelor of Science (Engineering

and Marketing) from the University of West of Scotland.:

Managing Director (Africa and

Middle East) and subsequently: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer – appointed as a Director 31 October 2017

Qualifications:

Bachelor of Commerce (Finance, Honours), Chartered Accountant (ANZ), Graduate AICD

Experience and expertise:

Andrew Naudé was appointed as: Managing

Managing Director of Bedford Road Associates, an independent consultancy

providing advice and support for the development and delivery of major capital expenditure

projects. Bedford Road Associates has advised Rio Tinto in Mongolia, Hyundai Engineering and

Samsung Engineering in South Korea, Otakaro and CERA in New Zealand, and Melbourne Water

and NBN Co in Australia.

Les is a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, and was also one of the

founding contributors to the John Grill Centre for Project Leadership at The University of Sydney

where he presented a management course in Strategic Design Thinking.

Other current directorships:

Non-Executive Director of Neometals Ltd – appointed 27 September 2018

Non-Executive Director of Australian Mines Limited – appointed 20 November 2019

Former listed directorships

(last 3 years):

None

Special responsibilities:

Chairperson of People, Culture & Remuneration Committee

Member of Major Project Approvals Committee

Member of Sustainability, Health, Safety, Environment & Community Committee

Name:

Paulus (Paul) Lombard

Title:

Independent Non-Executive Director – appointed 1 May 2021

Qualifications:

PhD (Urban and Transportation Engineering), Master of Science Civil Engineering (Urban and

Transportation Engineering), Bachelor of Engineering (Civil)

Experience and expertise:

Paul is a registered professional engineer with 35 years of experience in the fields of

transportation infrastructure engineering, project financing and planning, management

consulting and restructuring.

Paul has significant experience working throughout Africa and Europe as a project leader

or planning expert for transportation sector projects, including many funded by global

development and non-government organisations such as the World Bank, the African

Development Bank, USAID and the UN Capital Development Fund. He worked for Aurecon

for almost 30 years, including serving on its Executive Committee and as the Managing

Director (Africa and Middle East) and subsequently: Managing

Managing Director of Abesque Engineering and

Construction and: Managing

Managing Director and director at Hatch, a leading

international engineering and construction firm. Ken also held progressively senior roles at

Barrick Gold Corporation through to Senior Vice President of Technical Services, and served as

Chief Operating Officer for Crystallex International Corporation with operations and projects in

Venezuela and Uruguay. Ken has extensive knowledge of the Americas, gained from operations

management and mine building for Barrick, Crystallex and Hatch.

Other current directorships:

None

Former listed directorships

(last 3 years):

Non-Executive Director of Cardinal Resources Limited (delisted 8 February 2021) – appointed

31 October 2018

Special responsibilities:

Chairperson of Sustainability, Health, Safety, Environment & Community Committee (until 11

January 2021)

Member of Audit & Risk Committee (until 11 January 2021)

Member of Major Project Approvals Committee (until 11 January 2021)

Leadership

Who is

DRA Global?

Appendix 4E

Financial

Overview

Directors’

Report

Remuneration

Report

Financial

Statements

Operational

Overview

Other:

LETTER FROM THE CHAIR OF THE PEOPLE, CULTURE & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE: Dear Shareholders

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present DRA’s Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 31 December

2021.

During FY2021 our industry experienced rapid changes and we, much like our clients and competitors, had to

learn and adapt quickly. COVID-19 remained a source of uncertainty in FY2021 and continues to have widespread

impacts, not least by imposing significant strains on the wellbeing of many of our people.

The safety and wellbeing of our people is our top priority. Despite the challenges of COVID-19, our people have

shown resilience and rallied to support each other. We have put a spotlight on mental health and provided support

through our Employee Assistance Program and created a network of Mental Health First Aiders to support all of our

people during these challenging times.

DRA’s safety performance for FY2021 was:

• 0.173 Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate – a 30% improvement from FY2020

• 0.779 Total Recordable Incidents Frequency Rate – an 8% increase from FY2020 and an area of significant focus

going forward as we continue working to embed safety behavioural changes

An emerging industry trend is the war for talent. Border closures and attitude shifts towards permanent flexible

working arrangements have also contributed to retention and attraction challenges. We fully expect attracting

and retaining talent to remain a serious challenge in FY2022 and beyond. As a result, we are seeing skills shortages

and signs of increasing wage inflation across all the geographies in which we operate. We are working hard to

mitigate the talent risk through designing competitive remuneration packages and are putting significant focus

on leadership development and employee engagement.

DRA remains a people business and the capabilities of our people are our greatest asset. More than ever, we are

committed to developing our people and supporting them so they can thrive.

BUSINESS OUTCOMES

FY2021 was a year of intense change, development and achievement for the Group. The period has seen DRA

become a publicly listed company on both the Australian Securities and Johannesburg Stock Exchanges in July

2021. All of our people played an important role in preparing the Company to transition from an unlisted to a listed

company. There was a significant amount of work that went into achieving this goal and I thank our people for their

efforts.

We looked to the future and went to market with our distinct advisory services offering along with growing our

underground mining capability. We have nurtured client relationships and delivered major projects including the

Kamoa-Kakula Copper Project in the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Carmichael Coal Handling and Preparation

Plant Project in Australia, the Tri-K Gold Project in Guinea and the Quellaveco Copper Project in Peru.

We also achieved target earnings in line with guidance disclosed in the prospectus prepared as part of our IPO.

Our underlying EBITA for FY2021 was $62.1M, a 5.4% increase over FY2020, with basic earnings per share (excluding

revaluation of UPRs) increasing to 64.53 cents per share (cps) up from 27.90 cps.

Leadership

Who is

DRA Global?

Appendix 4E

Financial

Overview

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (CEO)

Kathleen Bozanic

Non-Executive Director

Lee (Les) Guthrie

Non-Executive Director

Paulus (Paul) Lombard

Non-Executive Director (appointed 1 May 2021)

Kenneth Thomas

Non-Executive Director (resigned 11 January 2021)

Rafael Eliasov

Non-Executive Director (resigned 28 January 2021)

Jean Nel

Non-Executive Director (resigned 29 January 2021)

Leon Uys

Non-Executive Director (resigned 4 May 2021)

Jonathan (Johnny) Velloza*

Non-Executive Director (appointed 1 January 2022)

Executive KMP

Adam Buckler

Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

Alistair Hodgkinson

Chief Operating Officer (COO)**

Greg McRostie

Executive Director (resigned as a Director and KMP on 4 May 2021, and as an employee on 11

June 2021)

* Jonathan Velloza did not receive any remuneration during FY2021 and as such his remuneration is not included

in the report but he receives remuneration on the same terms as the other South African resident Non-Executive

Director, Paul Lombard, including receiving a cash payment in lieu of superannuation.

** Alistair Hodgkinson was a member of KMP in FY2020 and FY2021, and during this time was promoted to COO on

1 June 2021.

Leadership

Who is

DRA Global?

Appendix 4E

Financial

Overview

Directors’

Report

Remuneration

Report

Financial

Statements

Operational

Overview

Other:

Managing Director) need to stand for re-election at a

general meeting to be held within 90 days. The ‘spill’ vote is only passed if 50% or more of eligible votes cast vote

‘yes’ and, while the votes of KMP and their associates are excluded from the non-binding votes on the remuneration

report, they are not excluded from the ‘spill’ vote.:

Managing Director and CEO – increased from $750,000 for FY2020 to $783,000 for FY2021

• Adam Buckler, Chief Financial Officer – increased from $436,003 for FY2020 to $523,204 for FY2021

• Alistair Hodgkinson, Chief Operating Officer – increased from ZAR3,612,480 in FY2020 to ZAR3,977,340 for FY2021

and then to ZAR5,000,004 on appointment as COO for FY2021

As a result of changes to the Company’s operating model, the role and responsibilities of Mr Hodgkinson were

expanded following his appointment as COO and this remuneration was aligned to appropriate role-specific

market benchmarks.

Looking forward, the Board has considered the responsibilities of the executive roles, performance of the individuals

and relativity with our external market comparators. Increases to Executive KMP fixed remuneration will be in the

range between 2 – 4% in FY2022. The Board is satisfied that CEO remuneration is well within the market average and

not excessive relative to other Executive KMP and members of management. It should be noted that remuneration

benchmarks are country specific and reflect cost of living differentials.

4.3 STI OUTCOMES FOR FY2021

Payments made under the at-risk STI Plan are triggered by achieving two overarching performance hurdles for EBIT

and safety. The Company achieved both hurdles for FY2021.

Overall performance is measured against a balanced scorecard. The balanced scorecard approach is used

as a framework for measuring the Company’s performance against a balanced and diverse range of financial

and non-financial performance measures that reflect the Company’s strategic objectives, and focus employee

performance on both short and long-term success. The performance conditions selected for use in the balanced

scorecard were selected as they are each directly linked to the agreed goals for a performance period determined

to progress execution of the Company’s strategy. The level of performance achieved for each measure is objectively

assessed against data collected by the Company and reviewed by senior management.

The balanced scorecard assesses the Group’s performance, and the extent to which each selected measure was

achieved. For performance against a measure to contribute to an at-risk STI payment, a threshold measure of

performance must be achieved which results in an 80% weighted score for that measure. Where target performance

is achieved the measure receives a 100% weighted score, and where stretch performance is achieved the measure

receives a 120% weighted score. Accordingly, the Group must achieve at least 80% performance against the

scorecard measures to trigger the minimum value of an at-risk STI payment.

If Group performance achieves the threshold weighted score then, subject to individual contribution, performance

against individual deliverables and the leadership skills demonstrated and contribution to leading culture by the

Executive KMP and Board discretion, the Executive KMP member will receive the minimum value of the at-risk STI

payment. An at-risk STI payment is scaled up to its maximum value (80% of total fixed remuneration for the

CEO and 70% for other Executive KMP) if Group performance achieves stretch performance against all scorecard

measures.

Leadership

Who is

DRA Global?

Appendix 4E

Financial

Overview

Directors’

Report

Remuneration

Report

Financial

Statements

Operational

Overview

Other:

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer

Kathleen Bozanic Independent Non-Executive Director

Lee (Les) Guthrie Independent Non-Executive Director

Paulus (Paul) Lombard Independent Non-Executive

Director

Jonathan

(Johnny)

Velloza

Independent

Non-

Executive Director

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Adam Buckler

CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER

Alistair Hodgkinson

COMPANY SECRETARY

Ben Secrett

REGISTERED OFFICE AND BUSINESS ADDRESS

Level 8, 256 Adelaide Terrace, Perth WA 6000, Australia

Telephone: +61 8 6163 5900

POSTAL ADDRESS

PO Box 3130, East Perth WA 6892, Australia

SHARE REGISTER

Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd

Level 11, 172 St Georges Terrace, Perth WA 6000,

Australia

Telephone: +61 8 9323 2000

and at

Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank,

2196, Gauteng, South Africa

Telephone: +27 11 370 5000

www.computershare.com

AUDITOR

BDO Audit (WA) Pty Ltd

Level 9, Mia Yellagonga Tower 2, 5 Spring Street

Perth WA 6000, Australia

PRINCIPAL BANKER

HSBC Bank Australia (HSBC)

Level 1, 188-190 St Georges Terrace, Perth WA 6000,

Australia

Rand Merchant Bank (RMB)

1 Merchant Place, Cnr Fredman Drive & Rivonia Road

Sandton, Johannesburg Gauteng 2196, South Africa

STOCK EXCHANGE LISTINGS

DRA Global Limited fully paid ordinary shares are

listed on the

following exchanges.

• Australian Securities Exchange – ASX Code: DRA

• Johannesburg Stock Exchange – JSE Code: DRA

INCORPORATION

DRA Global Limited is incorporated in Australia as a

public

company limited by shares.

• ACN 622 581 935

• ABN 75 622 581 935

WEBSITE AND EMAIL CONTACT

www.draglobal.com

info@draglobal.com

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The Annual General Meeting of DRA Global Limited

is scheduled to be held on 17 May 2022 at a time

and places (in both Perth and Johannesburg) to be

announced.

Leadership

Who is

DRA Global?

Appendix 4E

Financial

Overview

Directors’

Report

Remuneration

Report

Financial

Statements

Operational

Overview

Other:

