Letter to shareholders

12

Geographical footprint

14

Operating structure

16

Operational overview

34

Board of directors

36

Report of the audit and risk committee

40

Report of the remuneration committee

•

Remuneration principles

•

Remuneration implementation report

51

Report of the social and ethics committee

•

Broad-based black economic empowerment

•

Environmental sustainability

•

Corporate social investment – HCI Foundation

59

Directors’ report

61

Board of approval

61

Declaration by company secretary

62

Shareholders’ snapshot

64

Summarised ﬁnancial statements

79

Shareholders’ calendar

79

Corporate administration:

letter to shareholders was finalized prior to the

unbearable collapse of law and order in KwaZulu-Natal

and parts of Gauteng. The full effect of this disaster will

no doubt unfold over the next while. It may well jeopardize

the ease of some of the calculations we have relied upon

to date, though I do not believe it will affect the ultimate

direction of the group. It certainly emphasizes even more

the need to remain resilient against such adversity.

We have been put through a terrible test of wills between

suicidal forces of anarchy and those who want the

country to move forward despite its warts.

Our subsidiaries managed to ward off threats to shops

at Shell House in the Johannesburg inner city and our

property at Sydney Road in Durban. Likewise all of our

shopping centres, hotels and casinos survived intact. We

were however unable to save bingo sites in three shopping

malls in Pinetown, Empangeni and Orange Farm where the

malls were targeted and thoroughly trashed in their entirety.

The madness of this movement is nothing less than

a modern day Nongqawuse incident. Whether it has

anything to do with assisting former President Zuma or

not seems remote though clearly the organizers were not

able to get significant numbers of people outside of that

base to throw themselves into looting their own futures.

Nevertheless the fact that malls, distribution centres and

other key infrastructure were systematically set alight

after being looted, exposes the hand of an organized

force committed to the ruin of the country rather than

permitting its reemergence as a modern constitutional

democracy. The idea that such an insurrectionist

strategy might be employed to obstruct the progress of

the government in pursuing criminal claims against those

formerly in positions of power who were guilty of gross

abuses is unthinkable anywhere but here. How utterly

shameful that attempt has been.

HCI remains committed to supporting all efforts by

the state to clean up the sordid period we have been

dragged through. Re-establishing the rule of law with

its punitive power over anti-social and corrupt forces

is the political challenge of our country and we will

do whatever we can to be supportive of those efforts.

As a people we have dislodged those suicidal forces

from power. Standing firm in the face of their dying kicks

against the re-establishment of law and order by a final

abuse of the hardships of the poor, is a must.

Unquestionably the negative effects of this will take quite

some time to reverse. Nevertheless one can only hope

their failure will allow us to finally shrug off a totally self

centred incompetent group of pretenders dressed in the

guise of ‘liberators’ and rededicate ourselves to building

a society on solid economic principles that promotes

growth and constitutional democracy.:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Effects of COVID-19 washing through our lives for

the last year:

The last twelve months for HCI has been centred on a

single focal point, namely avoiding long term damage to

our business in a COVID-19 infested world.

We believe we have essentially achieved this to date.

Admittedly we had to take several knocks on the chin,

including shelving all dividends, freezing bonuses, halting

new business acquisitions, cutting costs wherever we

could, freezing employment in every subsidiary if not

significantly downsizing them as well as restructuring

several businesses.

We disposed of a few non-core assets - mainly properties

and settled a major dispute to more swiftly recover

as great a proportion of amounts due in the legal

claim as we could.

Despite the shock and the remaining tenderness around

some wounds, our sutures have stopped the bleeding

and we are on the mend.

Our efforts to survive intact led us to many compromises,

but we doggedly resisted two central themes raised by

lenders, namely having a rights issue in HCI or anywhere

within the group and allowing pressure to reduce debt to

prevail over the need for financial support by three high

growth, cash negative, opportunities within the group.

Equally, a year later we can see the positive effects of our

success in these areas.

While our competitors in both gaming and hotels had

major rights issues and solved their excess debt issues

overnight, we are not that far behind them in containing

our debt. Equity holders in our group, however, will recover

losses in share value a lot more rapidly than in companies

that succumbed to pressure to substantially increase the

number of shares in issue at the worst moment of their

performance. HCI and TSG have tripled in value since

then, and even TSH, the hardest hit by the pandemic, has

clawed its way back 50% up from its floor price.

We hope our performance will justify this trend continuing

this year, culminating in the resumption of a final dividend

payment to our patient stake holders.

Equally importantly, we trust this will allow us to move

past many of the robust cost saving measures we were

forced to introduce to avoid falling over the edge of the

cliff. Without the support of Government through its

TERS programme these would not have been sufficient

to avoid catastrophe. Whatever other criticisms there

may be, we do want first and foremost to acknowledge

this key support. There are few groups more grateful

for it than ours.

There is no duty that an employer owes its employees

greater than providing work. The most terrible thing

COVID-19 did to our group, with its curfews, social

distancing, and inhibition on travel, was to collapse our

ability to continue to offer work to thousands of people in

a society riddled with unemployment. Even if one was not

brought up in Japan, it is the sort of anguish in respect

of which one can only bow one’s head and apologize to

those depending on us that we were unable to protect.

We hope this will soon be behind us and that we will again

grow the numbers of people for whom we provide useful

stable work.

Nevertheless, the year ahead is a year of vaccine

distribution and triumph of life over sickness, despite the

fierceness of the storm. It’s a year that will let us develop

the green shoots we were so careful to nurture through

the pandemic.

Debt Management:

We reduced debt at the centre of our holding structure

from R3,1b at the beginning of the pandemic to below the

R2,8b we promised our lenders.

Fortuitously as we previously reported, we were able to

settle a long running dispute with Ithuba for cash during

the year which considerably eased pressure on us.

At our financial year end, debt net of free cash was down

to R2,56b. In short, we are well on our way to complying

with our commitment to reducing debt below R2,5b by

December 2021.

In the second half of this financial year, we will hold

discussions with debt holders about financial objectives

for financial 2023.

While we can say with certainty that we will seek to trim

debt further if this is possible without damage to the

long-term interests of the business, those discussions

will have to consider at least three key issues:

Firstly, the progress in containing the pandemic and the

confidence that there is in business returning to “normal”.

Practically, for HCI, this is conditioned primarily by the

answer to the question whether TSG will resume paying

a final dividend in June 2022. When all is said and done

this remains the life blood of HCI’s cash flow.

Secondly, we will be participating in the drilling of a key

exploration well in Namibia in the fourth quarter of 2021,

and if the results thereof constitute a significant discovery

this will have a material influence on the future of HCI.

Thirdly our venture into Palladium mining is reaching

a critical point. The feasibility of the prospect is

well established; the mining right is issued despite

manageable complications. The challenge now is to

bring the opportunity to final investment decision (“FID”)

this year. Success in this regard will take us into quite

a lengthy period of construction risk, but inescapably

we will have to choose whether to hold on to the

significant stake we have accumulated through tough

times in a generally unappreciated but very valuable,

world class, highly mechanized low-cost mine with a:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

life span of many decades, or to duck away with our

capital gains to date.

Businesses that carried the ﬂag through the Pandemic:

We remain a holding group with control of a diverse range

of good quality assets in quite different industries. While

almost all have been adversely affected by COVID-19

over the last year, several have been sufficiently robust

through the pandemic to continue to pay dividends to

shareholders. These have as a result been the key to

HCI’s financial stability through the period.

HCI Coal:

One of the key supports of our business through the

pandemic has been our coal division. It contributed

R180m to the group during the year and continues to be

a strong cash producer. We have successfully simplified

its operations by the sale of Mbali colliery virtually at the

end of its life of mine. Essentially it is a sale of the wash

plant which is clearly more useful to the purchaser than

to us. The increase in the price of export coal did however

allow us to squeeze significantly more value from the

mine than we had budgeted, and the sale offered a far

simpler exit than we had planned.

Effectively our division is now limited to the Palesa

colliery. This is a mine producing solely for Eskom under

contract. While it remains with a secure contract for a

few years more, its longer-term future rather depends on

efforts being made to revitalize that SOE.

The past year has been difficult for us in this regard and

Eskom no doubt has had to remedy very serious and

intractable issues which led it to constrict the amount of

coal it was able to take from us. Nevertheless, it seems

to be making headway and we have every expectation

our cooperation with Eskom will improve over the coming

year rather than stagnate. We remain a relatively cheap,

reliable, B-BBEE supplier. As Eskom streamlines its

offtake requirements, and rids itself of the endless

bribery that has characterized control of important parts

of its supply chain, as it is patently doing, we believe the

biggest challenge the business faces will resolve itself,

namely the stability of Eskom’s ability to take the volume

of coal set out in our contract.

eMedia Holdings:

This business is at the eye of the storm around

Government’s digital migration efforts. Essentially it is

now about sixteen years since South Africa undertook

to clear various parts of the radio frequency spectrum

licensed to eTV, for the exclusive use of transmission of

mobile data.

What ought to have happened is that households should

have been converted to receiving television on cheap

digital distribution platforms. Instead, government tried

to insist solely on a terrestrial platform (“DTT”) operated

by Sentech which is wholly inadequate to the task.

Worse, government efforts to distribute boxes required

for converting homes to this platform failed to ever take

off. Even today fewer than 4% of television households

currently access DTT. Distribution of boxes, supposedly

through the Post Office, never started and government

policy has apparently now changed to avoid it being

responsible for such box distribution, leaving no one else

responsible for doing so.

Over the last few years any progress in relation to

digital migration has ground to a complete standstill

in a world with an endless succession of Ministers of

Communication. All efforts we made to engage with

the government and the regulator, ICASA, failed to

produce a single meeting and all correspondence was

essentially ignored.

Some 60% of our audience remains on analogue.

A further 26% has digital access only through DSTV.

This is of course not access to free television. Failure

to pay one’s subscription for pay television results in

all channels including free channels being switched off.

16% now has access through our Open View satellite

platform. We have spent some seven years building this

platform at enormous cost, outside of any arrangements

with the state and other broadcasters.

This year’s SONA address by the President claimed

broadcasters had agreed with the State to definite

switch off dates in various areas that would clear

the spectrum needed by mobile operators across the

whole country within a year. ICASA followed through by

announcing an auction for the spectrum and soliciting

bids therefor from mobile telephone operators. ICASA

reserved no spectrum for 5G broadcasting even though

the ITU is far advanced in developing a standard for

5G-FeMBMS broadcasting and is expected to finalize

this standard next year.

The consequence of this complete anarchy is that

we were obliged to ask for an interdict restraining the

auction which was duly granted pending a judicial review

of the matter.

The frightening thing about this fiasco is that it appears

the state has no understanding that its conduct, if not

restrained, would mean the death of free television.

It remains a highly contested area subject to litigation,

but we are determined to have it resolved in a manner

where our economic interests are considered as well as

the right of the public to access free television.

With this backdrop one may well be forgiven for reading

the rest of this comment on our media group in line with

the satirical comment: “Other than that, how was the play

Mrs. Lincoln?”.

Nevertheless, this year was a spectacular success for

eMedia in a truly difficult environment.

Television advertising in the country shrank miserably:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

Encouragingly for the future of Deneb is the fact that this

year’s results include some R48m of losses associated

primarily with the restructuring costs of closing the

Jacobs plant of Gold Reef, the contraction of Romatex

Home Textiles into Cape Town as well a substantial loss

in Seartec, all of which are not anticipated to be repeated

going forward. On the other hand, they also include

substantial savings of interest expenses on the reduced

level of debt which will persist into the future.

Overall Deneb recorded a comprehensive profit of some

R134m which is a very substantial turn-around from

last year’s R124m loss. Last year’s results included

losses of R127m from discontinued businesses. This

year its losses from such operations were contained to

R5m demonstrating both the dramatic curtailment of

its exposure to loss-making businesses as well as the

improvement of its continuing operations.

The company paid dividends of R15m to HCI during

the year to March 2021 and a final dividend of some

R26m to us after year end. We hope this will strengthen

going forward.

Karoshoek:

Karoshoek continues to operate efficiently and within

the framework of the model. It passed the important

milestone of its Long-Term Performance Test, operating

at 97% of capacity for the year ending March 2021. Its

revenue was likewise at 98% of that modelled and it is

paying out dividends of around R39m a year, in line with

our hopes and expectations. By all measures this has

been a very successful project and ought to provide the

group with strong and growing cash flows for many years

to come.

Businesses

that

have

struggled

under

COVID-19

conditions:

Some of our subsidiaries, particularly those which involved

large property developments, accumulated fairly high

levels of their own debt. The possibility of their revenue

being seriously inhibited was generally not anticipated

either by themselves or their financiers beyond provision

for insurance against business interruption.

The scale and duration of this interruption and the

invariable reluctance of insurers to meet COVID-19 claims

by their customers, placed these businesses in the same

stressed position in which HCI found itself, where they

were obliged by their debt holders to stop all dividends

and focus all their energies on servicing their own debt.

We evaluate the progress of these businesses through

the pandemic firstly by whether they are forced to do

anything value destructive to the long-term interests of

shareholders in meeting their commitments to debt holders.

Our expectation of ourselves is that we run our businesses

in a manner where they can survive great storms.

Unquestionably this has been a major test of that assumption.

Secondly, we focus on when they might reasonably

and prudently be expected to resume dividend

payments to HCI.

Gaming (Tsogo Sun Gaming):

The key to HCI’s past has been its ability to build new

businesses from the cash it earned from existing

businesses. Front and centre of that strategy has been

a reliance on the cash dividended to us from our gaming

operations. Surviving the two-year hiatus that COVID-19

appears to be imposing on such dividends has been the

central challenge HCI has had to weather.

TSG entered COVID-19 with R11,4b in debt. The initial

three months total lockdown set it back a further R700m.

Since then, it has paid down R1,2b in nine months from

operating income, aside from servicing interest on its

debt. Repeating that performance during the first half of

FY 2022 should allow all to feel comfortable that it is well

on the way to resuming dividends.

Equally importantly however, has been for it to restructure

its business for the long term and to regain the EBITDA

margin it had allowed to be eroded for many years.

It is with real appreciation we congratulate management

on its efforts in this regard. There has been a restructure

of costs and services in every business it operates, from

the theme park at Gold Reef through the operational

structure of every casino as well as the overhead of its

corporate services.

TSG will be a stronger, more driven business for many

years as a result of these efforts. Together with a reduced

normalized debt it will allow TSG to resume its pivotal role

in our holding company sooner rather than later.

Hotels (Tsogo Sun Hotels):

International tourism and interprovincial domestic travel

have been decimated by COVID-19 and are unlikely

to recover fully until vaccines have been effectively

distributed to large numbers of people in the country.

Nevertheless, TSH has managed to reduce its cash losses

to a relatively small number monthly on the current level

of travel and our hope is there will still be a sufficient

growth in the number of people staying in hotels to stop

even this over the next few months.

We chose to dispose of our stake in the luxury 30 suite

Maia hotel rather than have a rights issue to meet the

pressures of cash losses in the business. Happily, we

succeeded in doing so at a relatively full value and the

proceeds of this sale have been as great as all cash

losses to date. The business is not expected to lose a

significant amount of cash in the year ahead unless a

sustained third wave sets the process of domestic travel

slowly returning awry again. At some point we hope TSH

will also succeed in recovering a contribution from its

business interruption insurance claims.:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)

abandoned our joint block in the Transkei and left it to

us with sole responsibility to meet an expensive seismic

obligation to enter the next phase. Notwithstanding the

capital constraints imposed on us, we took the risk of

IOG committing resources to this block and we advanced

its exploration to the next phase on our own. IOG spent

the year modeling the prospectivity of various parts of

the block and attempting to attract a new supermajor to

farm in. We are pleased to report we have succeeded

in getting Shell Petroleum to join us as operator. We

are currently in the process of jointly farming down to

accommodate an additional partner. The net effect of

these new arrangements will hopefully be that we are left

with a 30-35% stake in the block, largely carried for both

the seismic study and an exploration well, with partners

committed to commissioning the seismic study at which

previous partners baulked.

We have in addition acquired a 90% interest in the

neighbouring block known as Area 2. We see this as

being a block which is as prospective as the Transkei

block and in many ways an extension of that opportunity.

Despite the optimism of our last report that the Venus

exploration well in our Namibian block would be drilled by

Total this was not done and was deferred to late winter

this year. It remains a key determinant of our exploration

efforts for the next few years.

Total did however drill a second well in block 11B/12B

greatly extending the Brulpadda discovery the previous

year. We have taken the opportunity to swap our loan

structure funding a portion of this block for a 36,5%

stake in a Stockholm listed company, African Energy

(“AEC”) which holds an effective 9,5% economic interest

in the block. Currently this trades at a value some 2.5 x

the amount we invested in the block.

Platinum Group Metals (“PTM”):

As indicated last year we participated in a US$15m rights

issue in this company to avoid being diluted at what we

felt was a low value. The share subsequently more than

doubled and we took the opportunity to dispose of some

stock at that price, effectively minimising our dilution.

We currently hold 21,3m PTM shares and have paid a net

amount of US$1,25 a share for them.

The mining license for the Waterberg project was

eventually issued in April 2021. An appeal has been

lodged by three individuals purportedly on behalf of the

community. We see little prospect of this unrepresentative

group holding back progress of the mine for long and

the company is hard at work trying to move the project

towards final investment decision later in the year.

This remains an exciting opportunity that should still

grow significantly in value and make a good contribution

to creating skilled jobs in a very marginalized area of the

country. HCI is positioned as the largest single shareholder

of the company and currently holds 28,7% of its shares.

The company also has a 52% stake in a joint venture

company with Anglo Platinum known as Lion Battery

Technologies. It arises out of a collaboration with the

Chemical Engineering Department of Florida International

University in Miami who for some time has been developing

research and expertise focused on enhancing battery

technology and increasing its effectiveness through

the introduction of PGMs as catalysts. Key targets in

the project are to increase battery life by increasing the

number of recharge cycles before the battery is ineffective

and to decrease the battery weight per Watt hour and

thereby the cost of the battery. This project remains at

an early stage, but it has met milestones to date which

include two U.S. patents with a third currently being

applied for. It appears to the JV to have great potential

to make a significant contribution both to enhancing

battery technology and extending demand for palladium

in electric car vehicles. It is being pursued more urgently

through its next phase and to this end the JV has agreed

to increase funding to enhance the speed of its research

work over the next twelve months.

Alphawave:

This is a far smaller business than the previous two

growth opportunities mentioned and our 42% stake

therein was acquired from Niveus.

It is a technology business which has developed both the

software and hardware to track the flight of golf balls hit

on a driving range. It has also designed various games

for people to play which depend on such tracking. It has

installations operating on eight such ranges, is currently

installing the system on a further eight and has a pipeline

of plans which should allow it to continue rolling out the

product on more and more driving ranges in several

different countries.

Since the company operates in the entertainment space

it has of course been hard hit by COVID-19 which has

variously closed ranges temporarily or restricted their use.

Nevertheless, our hope is the company will emerge over the

next year or two as a profitable growing entity with a world-

wide customer base in a very popular sport. We have invested

R70m in the venture to date and anticipate we are more

than two thirds of the way to it becoming self-sustainable.

Foundation:

The budget of our Foundation was inevitably reduced

to around R30m for the last year, given the dramatic

collapse of the value of its shareholding in HPF. While it

had been hoped holding into a REIT with strong pretax

distributions would be an ideal asset class for a PBO,

the pandemic put paid to any hopes it may have had to

receiving such income. Fortunately, the rest of its balance

sheet remained sufficiently robust to be able to continue

its work despite the reduced cash at its disposal. Two

senior members of staff retired which eased the pressure

on the Foundation’s overhead. Those remaining have:

