Managing Director

Joined Hulamin in 2009

MARLENE

JANNEKER (50)

Human Capital

Joined Hulamin in 1995

The Executive Committee is

responsible for delivering the

strategic objectives as set

by the Board of Directors.

The Group Executive Committee

is an experienced management

team that comprises the

Chief Executive Officer,

the Chief Financial Officer and

three other suitably skilled

and experienced members

of senior management

Refer to our website at www.hulamin.co.za for a detailed résumé of the Executive Committee.

1

Appointed as CFO with effect from 1 April 2021

Note: Ages quoted are at 31 December 2021.

4

4

4

8

White male

ACI male

ACI female

Exco demographics (%)

0

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

40

20

40

ACI: African, Coloured and Indian:

Dear Shareholders

It is with pleasure that I present to you the remuneration report for the 2021

financial year on behalf of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee (Remco).

The purpose of this report is to provide stakeholders with a detailed summary

of the organisation-wide philosophy and policy pertaining to remuneration at

Hulamin. In accordance with Hulamin’s commitment to being a responsible

corporate citizen, this report has been aligned with best practice reporting

standards incorporating the King IV Report on Corporate Governance (King IV™)

and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Listings Requirements.

2021 was a challenging year for Hulamin in a number of areas of the business.

In addition to ongoing struggles with a business and economy working through

the Covid-19 pandemic, which resulted in large numbers of employees being

deployed off-site, the national unrest in July forced the business to close for

several days resulting in lost production.

2021 also saw protracted wage negotiations with the bargaining unit, which were

successfully settled in November averting the threat of industrial action.

REMCO focus areas during 2021

In addition to its normal responsibilities, the Remco paid attention to reviewing

manpower costs and employee benefit liabilities.

To more appropriately align with best practice, the Remco discontinued the staff

retirement gratuity for employees employed after May 2021 and changed the

leave policy to limit the quantity of annual leave employees are permitted to

accrue (and hence be paid out on termination of employment). Both changes will

result in a reduction in employee benefit liabilities. This benefit being recognised

over several years.

Following the successful transition to a quarterly short-term incentive bonus (STI)

in the fourth quarter of 2020, the Remco approved the change from an annual STI

to a simplified quarterly STI for all staff. This change included a revision whereby

the STI for the Executive team was weighted 2/3 on financial performance of the

company and 1/3 on operational performance. Furthermore, approximately 400

employees who had not previously participated in the STI scheme were added at

no additional cost to the company (the total STI remained capped at 10% of EBIT).

The attention to manpower costs was largely focused on the cost of overtime

and variable allowances, and the need to restructure pay in a way to incentivise

employees to improve the quality and increase the quantity of output without

reducing their net pay. This process is ongoing.

Where appropriate, the Remco has obtained the advice and opinions of external

advisors on various remuneration-related matters. The Remco is satisfied that the

advice received was constructive, objective and independent.

Part A: The chairperson’s statement

Routine

activities

• Limited long-term incentive scheme awards were approved for senior management

• Remco terms of reference were reviewed and recommended to the Board

• The Remuneration Policy and Remuneration Report were reviewed and recommended to the Board

• Review of Remuneration Risk and reporting back to the Risk Committee on matters identified

Non-routine

activities

• Continued focus on containing and reducing manpower costs as a key component of the 2020 turnaround plan

• Revision of the Leave Policy and Retirement Gratuity Policy to reduce employee benefit liabilities

• Simplification of the STI to a quarterly operational bonus for all staff and an annual financial bonus to the Executive

Management remuneration

Fair and responsible remuneration, pay differentials and

transparent disclosure remain topics that stimulate diverse

opinions in South Africa. Cognisant of these issues, the Remco

has continued with initiatives and policy changes in line with

King IV™ and the JSE Listings Requirements.

In addressing the requirements of the Employment Equity Act

55 of 1998 in relation to the principle of equal pay for work

of equal value, the Remco monitors the Fair and Ethical Pay

Framework and related reporting metrics.

In line with best practice, King IV™ and the JSE Listings

Requirements, we will continue to submit the remuneration

policy (Part B) and the implementation report (Part C) for

separate, non-binding advisory votes at AGMs.

Shareholder engagement

In line with best practice and our value of remuneration being

aligned with shareholders and their interests, we regularly

engage with shareholders.

Appreciation

The Remco is satisfied that we appropriately executed our

duties in terms of our mandate for the FY2021.

At the AGM held on 27 May 2021, Hulamin received a 58.40%

non-binding advisory vote in favour of its remuneration policy

(41.60% against) and 54.94% in favour of implementation

report (45.06% against). After the AGM in May 2021, the

Company published a SENS on 28 May 2021 requesting the

dissenting shareholders to email the Company Secretary

their concerns and any possible meeting dates to discuss

their rationale for voting against the implementation of the

remuneration policy. No correspondence was received by

the company in this regard. We would therefore like to thank

our shareholders for their ongoing support as we continually

seek to align shareholder interests and remuneration. We

at Hulamin and, particularly, the Remco, are continuing

the journey of implementing best practice standards in our

remuneration reporting and disclosure.

A meeting was held with the IDC wherein they were

informed of, amongst others, the mechanisms undertaken

by management to address the concerns raised. The

remuneration policy was revised to exclude the post

retirement gratuity for all new employees.

CA Boles

Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee

25 February 2022:

letter of credit facility and revolving working capital facilities of R1.200 million (2020: R1 000 million).

Financial liabilities with maturity dates within the next twelve months comprise current borrowings, trade and other payables, sundry accruals

and derivative liabilities.

Notes to the consolidated financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

7.

Financial risk management: measures to mitigate risk continued

7.1

Market risk continued:

letter of representation to participate

in the Annual General Meeting, in the manner stipulated in the relevant custody agreement. The: letter of representation will need to be

submitted together with the completed Electronic Participation Application Form to the Company’s Transfer Secretaries and to Hulamin in the

manner and within the timeframe described above under the section titled “Electronic Participation Arrangements”.

If these shareholders do not wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in person, they must provide the CSDP or broker with their voting

instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.

Certificated shareholders and dematerialised shareholders with ‘own name’

registration

Those Certificated Shareholders and Dematerialised Shareholders with ‘own name’ registration, who wish to participate in the Annual General

Meeting (either in person or represented by proxy), must submit a completed Electronic Participation Application Form to the Company’s

Transfer Secretaries and to Hulamin in the manner and within the timeframe described above under the section titled “Electronic Participation

Arrangements”.

Questions

Shareholders are encouraged to submit via email any questions in advance of the Annual General Meeting to the Company Secretary at

secretarial@hulamin.co.za. These questions will be addressed at the Annual General Meeting and will be responded to via email thereafter.

Company Secretary

Pietermaritzburg

Registered office

Moses Mabhida Road, Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal

Transfer Secretaries

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, Johannesburg, 2196

(Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132)

Annual general meeting continued

The

letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement entered into between themselves and the CSDP or broker.

The Board requests that completed forms of proxy are received at the office of the company’s Transfer Secretaries, Computershare Investor Services

Proprietary Limited, Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, Johannesburg, 2001 (Private Bag x9000, Saxonwold, 2132), or via email

to proxy@computershare.co.za by 15:00 on Monday, 23 May 2022. Any forms of proxy not lodged by this time may still be lodged by email to

proxy@ computershare.co.za prior to the commencement of the meeting.

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the meeting mentioned below is entitled to appoint a proxy or proxies to attend, speak and, on a poll, to

vote in his stead. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the company.

I/We

(name in block letters)

Of

(address in block letters)

Contactable number

(telephone number)

Email address

being the holder/holders of

ordinary shares in Hulamin do hereby appoint

1.

of

(or failing him/her)

2.

of

(or failing him/her)

the Chairman of the annual general meeting, as my/our proxy to attend and speak and to vote for me/us at the annual general meeting of the

company to be held at 15:00 on Wednesday, 25 May 2022, for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification,

all the resolutions to be proposed thereat, or at any adjournment thereof, as follows:

Resolution

For

Against

Abstain

1. Approval of the appointment of Ernst & Young as the independent auditors of the company with

Mr Sifiso Sithebe as the designated auditor

2.

Re-election of retiring directors:

2.1 CA Boles as an Independent non-executive director

2.2

M Gounder as an Executive Director

2.3 RL Larson as an Independent non-executive director

2.4

TP Leeuw as an Independent non-executive director

2.5

GHM Watson as an Independent non-executive director

3.

Appointment of group Audit Committee members and N Maharajh as Chairman of the group Audit Committee:

3.1

N Maharajh as Chairman

3.2

CA Boles

3.3

Dr B Mehlomakulu

4.

Special resolution number 1: Approval of non-executive directors’ fees

5.

Special resolution number 2: Provision of financial assistance

6.

Special resolution number 3: General repurchase of shares

8.

Non-binding advisory vote – Remuneration policy

9. Non-binding advisory vote – Implementation report

Signed at

on this

day of

2022

Signature

Name

Assisted by me (where applicable)

Capacity:

