letter of intent with

Styldrift mine to pursue a ventilation shaft, have subsequently

secured funding from the IDC and are looking to finalise a contract

with Styldrift. We are conducting investigative work on scoping

and, in 2021, started on the detailed design and procurement of

resources for the shafts. The project is progressing well and by

H2 2022 we hope to commission the service and start contractual

obligations.

This project has been structured on a shared risk approach,

something we will seek to expand further. We are building our

own capacity and leveraging existing internal resources to

position the Group to take advantage of future opportunities. We

are looking at creating value by providing a full turnkey solution

and a fully integrated system. We are positioning ourselves as a

specialised mining contractor, as opposed to a more traditional

mainstream one.

TUNNELLING

We secured a contract with a key client for an underground

exploration decline tunnel at Mogalakwena. The focus for 2021

was on improvements on tunnel boring machines using a

MTB, maintenance and securing contracts. We commenced the

on-boarding process, some initial site works as well as tunnelling

projects. The MTB started tunnelling in February 2022 as this was

delayed to ensure all elements were in place.

In parallel, we have initiated study work on additional applications

and projects. The study was associated with technologies and

various value propositions which are substantially diversified

including underground mining access, non-explosive methods and

other needs of clients.

NON-EXPLOSIVES AND NON-DRILLING

TECHNOLOGIES

Non-explosives is still an unchartered area and we are looking to

provide solutions that are not bound by countries and explosives

approvals, while at the same time removing personnel from

hazards by offering the flexibility to operate remotely.

We have engaged with four different clients where we are able

to develop these technologies and provide bespoke solutions

that cater to their specific needs. By doing so, we hope to build

relationships with these clients in a phased approach thereby

ensuring gradual progress and minimising large exposure or risk.

All of these projects are progressing well.

We have increased our engineering capacity to provide further

structure and better create value for our clients. Our current

process starts with a feasibility study, followed by an experimental

phase and testing the configuration off-site before developing an

integrated system to deploy on the mine.

These technologies all relate to providing a safer, higher-

productivity, cost-competitive and efficient solution.

Non-drilling technologies

Our non-drilling technologies are IT businesses that provide

services to the mining industry, including smart devices fitted on

equipment and people providing data information to management.

These technologies further promote safety and reduce the hazards

of the interaction between people and equipment. We have

invested in these businesses and are looking to leverage our

geographical footprint to expand internationally.:

letter, the audit plan

and the budgeted audit fees payable to the external auditor

for 2021;

• Obtained an annual written statement from the auditor that its

independence was not impaired;

• Determined the nature and extent of all non-audit services

provided by the external auditor and approved the applicable

non-audit services undertaken; and

• Considered whether any reportable irregularities were

identified and reported by the external auditor in terms of

the Auditing Profession Act, 2005, and determined that there

were none.

In respect of the annual financial statements, the Audit

Committee, among other matters:

• Confirmed the going concern status as the basis of preparation

of the annual financial statements;

• Considered whether any complex taxation areas exist that

could have a material impact on the financial statements and

determined the matters identified are being addressed by

management;

• Examined and reviewed the annual financial statements, as

well as all financial information disclosed to the public prior

to submission and approval by the directors;

• Ensured that the annual financial statements fairly present

the financial position of the Group as at the end of the

period and the results of operations and cash flows for the

financial period;

• Considered the appropriateness of the accounting policies

adopted and changes thereto;

• Reviewed the external auditor’s audit report;

• Reviewed the representation: letter relating to the annual

financial statements which was signed by management;

• Considered any problems identified and reviewed any

significant legal and tax matters that could have a material

impact on the annual financial statements; and

• Considered the 2021 proactive monitoring report and the

various JSE communications with the regard to the impact of

COVID-19; and appropriate action was taken, where applicable.

In respect of internal financial control and the internal audit,

the Audit Committee, among other matters:

• Appointed an internal auditor with the necessary international

presence and experience and was satisfied that it effectively

provided objective and relevant assurance on the areas covered

during the year;

letter of representation to you or your

proxy to attend the Annual General Meeting.

B.

If you have not dematerialised your shares or

have dematerialised your shares with “own name”

registration

Voting, attendance and representation at the Annual

General Meeting

You may attend, speak and vote at the Annual General Meeting

in person.

Alternatively, you may appoint one or more proxies to represent

you at the Annual General Meeting by completing the attached

form of proxy in accordance with the instructions it contains.

A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. Forms of

proxy must be lodged with or posted to the share registrars to be

received within the allowable time periods prescribed by law.

C.

Electronic participation

In compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, Master

Drilling will offer shareholders reasonable access, through

electronic facilities, to participate in the Annual General Meeting

by means of a conference call facility. Shareholders will be able

to listen to the proceedings and raise questions should they wish

to do so and are invited to indicate their intention to make use of

this facility by making application, in writing (including details as

to how the shareholder or representative can be contacted), to the

share registrars at the address set out in this Notice of Annual

General Meeting. The application is to be received by the share:

letter of representation, as provided for in the Notice

of Annual General Meeting.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in

relation to electronic participation at the Annual General Meeting.

Any such charges will not be for the account of Master Drilling

and/or Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited

(“Computershare”). Neither Master Drilling nor Computershare

can be held accountable in the case of loss of network connectivity

or other network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet

connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or power outages which

prevents any such Shareholder from participating at the Annual

General Meeting.

ORDINARY BUSINESS

Consideration of the annual financial statements

and reports

The consolidated audited annual financial statements of the

Company, together with the auditor’s, Audit and Social, Ethics

and Sustainability Committees’ and Directors’ reports for the

year ended 31 December 2021 will be presented to shareholders

for consideration as required in terms of section 30(3)(d) of the

Companies Act and are available on the Company’s website at

www.masterdrilling.com. Shareholders are reminded to obtain

their own copies at www.masterdrilling.com so as to be able to

follow any discussion.

1.

ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 1:

APPOINTMENT OF THE AUDITOR

“Resolved that BDO South Africa Incorporated is appointed as the

auditor of the Company, to hold office from the conclusion of the

Annual General Meeting at which this resolution is passed until the

conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.”

2.

ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 2:

RE-ELECTION OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

RETIRING BY ROTATION

“Resolved that Mr ST Ferguson, who retires by rotation at this

Annual General Meeting pursuant to the Company’s Memorandum

of Incorporation, and who is eligible and available for re-election,

is hereby re-elected as a non-executive director of the Company.”

As required by Clause 25.8 of the Company’s Memorandum of

Incorporation, the non- conflicted members of the Board and of its

Nominations Committee recommended Mr Ferguson’s re-election

based on their assessment of his eligibility, taking into account his

past performance and contribution.

Mr Ferguson’s curriculum vitae appears on page 62 of the 2021

Integrated Report, available on www.masterdrilling.com.

3.

ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 3:

ELECTION OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

“Resolved that Ms M Ramathe, being eligible and available for

election, is hereby elected as a non-executive director of the

Company.”

As required by Clause 25.8 of the Company’s Memorandum of

Incorporation, the non- conflicted members of the Board and of

its Nominations Committee recommended Ms Ramathe’s election

based on their assessment of her eligibility, taking into account her

past performance and contribution.

Ms Ramathe’s curriculum vitae appears on page 62 of the 2021

Integrated Report, available on www.masterdrilling.com.

4.

ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS NUMBERS

4.1 TO 4.4: ELECTION OF MEMBERS OF THE

AUDIT COMMITTEE

4.1 Election of Mr AW Brink as a member of the

Audit Committee

“Resolved that Mr AW Brink is elected as a member of the Audit

Committee, from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting

at which this resolution is passed until the conclusion of the next

Annual General Meeting of the Company.”

Mr Brink’s curriculum vitae appears on page 62 of the 2021

Integrated Report, available on www.masterdrilling.com.

4.2 Election of Mr ST Ferguson as a member of

the Audit Committee

“Subject to the passing of ordinary resolution 2, resolved that

Mr ST Ferguson is elected as a member of the Audit Committee,

from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting at which

this resolution is passed until the conclusion of the next Annual

General Meeting of the Company.”

Mr Ferguson‘s curriculum vitae appears on page 62 of the 2021

Integrated Report, available on www.masterdrilling.com.:

letter of representation to attend the Annual

General Meeting or you must instruct them as to how you wish to vote in this regard. This must be done in terms of the agreement entered

into between you and the CSDP or broker.

I/We (Names in full in BLOCK LETTERS)

of (address)

being the holder/s of

shares in the issued ordinary share capital of Master Drilling hereby appoint:

1.

of

or failing him/her,

2.

of

or failing him/her,

3. the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting,

as my/our proxy/ies to attend, speak and on a poll to vote or abstain from voting on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting or at any adjournment

thereof for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing with or without modification, the following resolutions to be considered at the Annual

General Meeting in accordance with the following instructions:

Please indicate with an “X” in the appropriate spaces how votes are to be cast

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1: Appointment of BDO South Africa Incorporated as the external auditor

Ordinary resolution number 2: Re-election of Mr ST Ferguson as a non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 3: Election of Ms M Ramathe as a non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 4.1: Election of Mr AW Brink as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 4.2: Election of Mr ST Ferguson as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 4.3: Election of Mr AA Deshmukh as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 4.4: Election of Ms M Ramathe as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 5: General authority to directors to allot and issue ordinary shares

Ordinary resolution number 6: General authority to directors to issue for cash, those ordinary shares placed under

the control of the directors in terms of ordinary resolution number 5

Ordinary resolution number 7: Approval of the Master Drilling remuneration policy

Ordinary resolution number 8: Approval of the implementation report on the Master Drilling remuneration policy

Special resolution number 1: Acquisition of the Company’s own shares

Special resolution number 2: Directors’ fees

Special resolution number 3: Approval to grant financial assistance in terms of sections 44 and 45 of the Companies Act

Signed at

on

2022

Name of shareholder/joint holders

Assisted by me (if applicable)

Full name/s of signatory/ies if signing in a representative capacity

(In block letters and authority to be attached – refer to note 7 on page 130).

FORM OF PROXY

MASTER DRILLING GROUP LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)

Registration number: 2011/008265/06

JSE share code: MDI ISIN: ZAE000171948

LEI: 37890095B2AFC611E529

(Master Drilling or the Company):

