letter of audit

findings (LOF) from SARS on 15 December 2020, indicating a possible upward adjustment to taxable

income for the aforementioned three years of assessment resulting in a possible additional tax liability.

The Group, together with our tax and legal advisers reviewed the SARS LOF and disagree with certain

findings and technical analyses set out in the LOF. The Group responded to SARS’s LOF on 1 March

2021, providing further relevant clarifying information. Furthermore, such response to SARS also

addressed/questioned the basis for the proposed adjustment to taxable income, as well as

representations indicating that interest and penalties would be inappropriate.

Subsequently, the Group received a finalisation of audit: letter from SARS on 17 June 2021 together

with additional assessments relating to the 2014 to 2016 years. The additional assessments result in

a cumulative additional tax liability of approximately R415 million, and understatement penalties of

R165 million. Interest of approximately R328 million has been levied on the additional assessments.

The Group is currently reviewing the SARS letter of audit finalisation and additional assessments raised

and is considering the various legal options available as the Group disagrees with various aspects of

SARS’s findings, analyses and assessments. While the Group is desirous for an amicable conclusion to

this matter, it may be necessary to resolve it through the Alternative Dispute Resolution Process, and

this is considered to be the most probable outcome of the audit. The Group believes that any resolution

would most likely be substantially less than the additional tax liability assessed by SARS.

Omnia Integrated Annual Report 2021

35

About Omnia

How we create value

Group performance and outlook

Divisional performance and outlook

Environmental, social and corporate governance

Administration

Dear stakeholders

Challenging times experienced across the world have brought the role of Omnia’s SERC to the fore with

a particular focus on the health and well-being of our employees, communities and the countries in

which we operate during the COVID-19 pandemic.

As lockdown restrictions change over time, we continue to implement appropriate controls and

emphasise the protocols already in place, which include:

• Ongoing communication regarding the pandemic and required controls and protocols, including any

changes to applicable regulations

• Strict social distancing, sanitising and hygiene practices

• Stringent compliance to personal protective equipment (PPE) requirements such as masks, gloves,

overalls, and other equipment applicable to everyone’s job

We continue to provide support to our employees, contractors, and the relevant authorities in ensuring

that we do our best to curb the spread of the virus.

Sustainability

The health and safety of our teams and stakeholders across the world are key priorities. Maintaining

safe operations is integral to our daily disciplines, and we have directed many efforts to safeguard the

environments within which we operate.

Omnia’s core purpose is protecting life, sustaining livelihoods and creating a Better World. Our strategic

vision is to better the world through responsible business practices and high-performance execution

against our core business objectives.

Over the past two years, the Omnia team has actively engaged in defining a sustainability strategy that

will embrace this core purpose and cascade sustainability into the business. As a result, it has evolved

from a safety, health, environment risk and quality (SHERQ) focus to a more holistic, sustainability

approach. The strategy has been jointly developed by a Group sustainability strategy development team

and inputs from our various divisions, operations, and functions.

The board constituted Omnia’s SERC to oversee the effective

management of safety, health, environmental, risk and sustainability

matters of the Omnia Group in accordance with section 72(4) of the

Companies Act (read together with Regulation 43 of the Companies

regulations, 2011) on behalf of all subsidiaries of Omnia.

For more information on the committee’s composition, mandate and

meetings, refer to our corporate governance section on page 127.

50

Omnia Integrated Annual Report 2021

About Omnia

How we create value

Group performance and outlook

Divisional performance and outlook

Environmental, social and corporate governance

Administration:

managing director and local in-country managers to track challenges and changes to political landscapes

• Logistics providers are encouraged to monitor and be fully aware of border post rules

• Detailed measures have been implemented to adhere to in-country COVID-19 requirements

Strategic objectives

impacted

• Enhanced governance

• Maintaining strong

investor relations

Ability to adapt to continuously evolving digital environment

Ranking: 8

• Customers’ product and service needs and technology solutions continue to evolve. The challenge to detect and respond to these changes timeously could impact our ability to

remain competitive and attract and retain customers

• Advanced automation and digitisation linked to improved and efficient business processes could result in an inability to meet customer needs

Capitals impacted

Mitigating actions and opportunities

• Our customer engagement processes enable us to understand and respond to customer needs timeously. We pay particular attention to developing customer-focused solutions,

including technological solutions, to address identified customer needs. The Group also fosters a learning culture that encourages constant learning and creates opportunities for the

Group

• Automation and integration of Omnia’s core business will facilitate focus on effectiveness and simplified success

• Process and system optimisation have occurred at plant level

• Change management has been identified as a priority and a strategy is currently being developed, which includes bringing new people into the organisation to drive change

• Communication platforms have been set up to drive awareness of change management focusing on a continuous improvement culture

• IT strategy is being aligned to ensure a scalable ERP solution for the business based on business requirement

Strategic objectives

impacted

• Supply chain optimisation

• Shared services

implementation

Omnia Integrated Annual Report 2021

69

About Omnia

How we create value

Group performance and outlook

Divisional performance and outlook

Environmental, social and corporate governance

Administration:

Letter from the RNC chair: Dear stakeholders

Following the 2020 financial year which was a

year of extraordinary challenge for the leadership

and management of Omnia, the 2021 financial

year has been no less challenging, with the

COVID-19 pandemic continuing unabated.

However, this has been a year of significant and

pleasing achievements. Operating profit, profit

after tax, EBTIDA and HEPS have all increased

substantially and the Group has shown resilient

performance and strong delivery in a challenging

environment. The Group’s financial position has

strengthened significantly with increases to

a net cash position from a net debt position,

decrease in net working capital and the

resumption of distributions declared in June 2021

to shareholders. To complement these financial

achievements, our various ESG measures have

also improved, including B-BBEE, RCR, water use

and energy efficiency and greenhouse gas

emission reduction.

These operational and financial improvements

have provided the opportunity to implement the

long-term incentive (LTI) award for the CEO. We

were also able to commence with regular annual

LTI awards for members of the executive team.

Full details of these awards are provided in

sections 2 and 3 of this report.

As noted in the section on future focus areas in

the 2020 remuneration report, we focused on

refining the performance measures for our

remuneration policy and we believe that the

performance conditions for the LTI awards this

year, as disclosed below, represent our

commitment to the enhancement of stakeholder

value and the financial stability of the Group.

Thoko Mokgosi-Mwantembe

RNC chair

We also made progress on the following

initiatives as undertaken in the 2020 report:

Job grading was applied in the manufacturing

business as part of a restructure implemented in

2020. All positions have been graded and pay has

been linked to benchmarked job grades.

A performance management system has been

designed and capability building sessions have

been held for implementation in the 2022 financial

year. Job descriptions are in place for all senior

roles and KPIs are agreed for all roles.

Assessment of performance for 2021 for all

non-bargaining unit employees (approximately

1 300 employees) were confirmed.

Good progress has been made on a new

broad-based employee share scheme. We intend

to announce the details of the new plan in the

course of the 2022 financial year.

Non-binding advisory votes on the

remuneration policy and

implementation report

Voting on our 2020 remuneration policy and

implementation report reflected an increase in

the number of votes cast from the 2019 AGM,

with 66.45% (2019: 61.32%) in favour of the

remuneration policy and 60.07% (2019: 44.74%)

supporting the implementation report.

As shareholders representing more than

25% of the issued shares voted against the

remuneration policy and implementation

report, we undertook to engage with these

shareholders. We published a Stock Exchange

News Services (SENS) statement on

13 November 2020, inviting those shareholders

to submit comments and feedback on the policy

and implementation report.

Omnia Integrated Annual Report 2021

109

About Omnia

How we create value

Group performance and outlook

Divisional performance and outlook

Environmental, social and corporate governance

Administration

managing director of RSA to head of supply chain, effective 1 September 2020 and the information relating to remuneration is only reflecting up to 31 August 2020.

7 Resigned 30 November 2020.

8 Resigned 30 June 2020.

9 Resigned 10 May 2019.

10 Resigned 30 April 2019.

Omnia Broad-based Employee Scheme

Omnia will implement an employee scheme during FY2022 under the Omnia 2020 Share Plan. The scheme will issue all qualifying employees as at 1 July 2021, shares with a vesting period of three years. The shares

will be managed through a Trust and will be issued into the employee’s name following vesting. Conditions attached to the shares include the individual performance of employees and tenure. No new shares will be

issued for this share scheme.

Additional annual awards of shares will be considered in relation to the organisation’s performance.

120

Omnia Integrated Annual Report 2021

About Omnia

How we create value

Group performance and outlook

Divisional performance and outlook

Environmental, social and corporate governance

Administration:

Managing director

MHI

Major hazard installation

MOI

Memorandum of incorporation

MWh

A megawatt (MW) is one million watts, kilowatt-hour

(kWh), a thousand watts of power produced or used for

one hour, equivalent to 3 600 million joules (MJ)

NAP1 and NAP2

Nitric Acid Plant 1/2 at Sasolburg Fertilizer factory

NASCEA

National Speciality Chemicals Employers Association

NAV

Net asset value – ordinary shareholders’ equity and

minority interest divided by the number of shares in issue

at year-end, excluding the shares held by the various share

incentive schemes

NBCCI

National Bargaining Council for the Chemicals Industry

NED

Non-executive director

Net interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing liabilities net of cash resources

Net interest-bearing borrowings to

equity percentage

Net interest-bearing borrowings divided by EBITDA

Net working capital ratio

Turnover divided by net working capital

N2O

Nitrous oxide

NOx

Nitrogen oxide

NH3

Ammonia

NQF

National Qualifications Framework

NUM

National Union of Mineworkers: trade union in South Africa

NWA

National Water Act 36 of 1998

Omnia/the Group

Omnia Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries

OHL

Omnia Holdings Limited

Omnia Fertilizer

The primary business in the Agriculture division

Omnia Specialities

Part of the Agriculture division – this provides a range of

specialised products and services targeted at creating

value for farming customers

OmniBio™

The management of soil biological life starts with an

OmniBio™ analysis, which provides the farmer with a crop-

specific proposal, focusing on the major biological

indicators found in the soil

Omnia Integrated Annual Report 2021

153

About Omnia

How we create value

Group performance and outlook

Divisional performance and outlook

Environmental, social and corporate governance

Administration:

