managing director of the then newly formed

Roadmac Surfacing, which under his management grew into the leading road surfacing company in South Africa. Rudolf

has more than 20 years’ experience in road surfacing and the bitumen industry. He was appointed as chief executive

officer of the Raubex group effective 1 March 2010, which position he holds to date.

Rudolf Johannes Fourie (55)

Financial director (appointed effective 1 June 2021)

BCom, CA(SA)

Sam joined Raubex in July 2007 as the financial manager of Raubex Construction (Pty) Ltd and has grown through the

financial ranks of the group, where he was appointed as the financial manager of the Roads and Earthworks division in

May 2015, before being appointed as the group financial manager in March 2020. Sam is an experienced Chartered

Accountant and holds an Honours Bachelor of Commerce Degree from the University of the Free State. Sam completed

his articles with Havenga Rossouw Viljoen in Bloemfontein in 2004, following which he was appointed as a partner at

GJ Maasz & Kie before joining Raubex. Sam was appointed financial director of Raubex effective 1 June 2021,

succeeding James Gibson who resigned from the position effective 31 May 2021.

Samuel (Sam) Jacobus Odendaal (45)

Raubex Integrated Report 2021

36:

managing director – roads and

earthworks)

IJM van Niekerk (divisional: managing director – materials) –

resigned 30 September 2020

DC Lourens (divisional managing director – infrastructure)

JA Louw (administrative executive)

Invitees

GM Chemaly (group company secretary & legal advisor)

BL Gainsford (group IT manager)

Exco is chaired by the chief executive officer and has regular

input from executives from operations, finance, IT, human

resources, legal, compliance and investor relations. Meetings

are convened monthly. The committee is responsible for the

strategic planning and operations of the group.

Company secretary

All directors have access to the advice and services of the

group company secretary, Ms Grace Chemaly, who acts as a

conduit between the board and the group.

The company secretary is responsible for the flow of information

to the board and its governance committees and also for

ensuring compliance with board procedures. In addition to

various statutory functions and while maintaining an arm’s

length relationship with the board, the company secretary also

provides:

 individual directors and the board as a whole with guidance

on their duties, responsibilities and powers as set out in

section 88 of the Companies Act, 71 of 2008; and

 the board with the requisite advice on issues of law,

governance and related matters, including the impact of

legislative and regulatory developments.

In line with the JSE Listings Requirements, the qualifications

and experience of the company secretary were formally

evaluated by the board. The board specifically evaluated the

objective nature of the role of the company secretary, confirming

that she has no affiliation or association to any single board

member, holds no directorship and provides independent

advice to the board as a whole. The evaluation found that the

company secretary is suitably qualified, experienced, and fit

and proper to perform the function of company secretary and

that an arm’s length relationship with the board is maintained.

Litigation and legal

The company secretary, who is also the appointed group legal

advisor, is responsible for overseeing the group legal function.

Although the outcome of legal proceedings, claims and actions

instituted against the group cannot be predicted, the group is

suitably resourced to manage this process.

Detailed legal reports are provided to the exco, audit committee

and board on any material legal matters within the group.

The group has an insurance policy that insures directors and

prescribed officers against liabilities they may incur in carrying

out their duties.

Internal audit

The Raubex internal audit function is an independent assurance

provider to the audit committee and board and evaluates the

effectiveness of governance, risk management and control

processes within the group. The internal audit activities

conducted during the year were informed by the group strategy,

risks and combined assurance framework. The internal audit

service was performed by KPMG.

The board ensures that there is an effective risk-based internal

audit function that subscribes to the Institute of Internal

Auditors (IIA) “International Standards for the Professional

Practice of Internal Auditing”. The risk-based internal audit

plan has been developed using this approach. The plan has

been approved by the audit committee. Internal audit provides

quarterly feedback to the audit committee and has a functional

45

Raubex Integrated Report 2021

letter, starting from 1 March of the financial year

in which the grant was awarded. The peer group is comprised of Afrimat, Balwin, Calgro M3, PPC, Sephaku, Stefanutti Stocks and WBHO and is unchanged

from the prior year.

51

Raubex Integrated Report 2021:

letter, terms, audit plan and budgeted fees

for the year ended 28 February 2021.

JSE accreditation of auditors

The audit committee confirms that, based on the amended requirements for the JSE accreditation of auditors effective 15 October

2017, the committee is satisfied that:

 the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. has met all the criteria stipulated in the JSE Listings Requirements, including that the

audit regulator has successfully completed a firm-wide independent quality control (ISQC 1) inspection on the audit firm during

its previous inspection cycle;

89

Raubex Integrated Report 2021:

letter of

representation from your CSDP or broker, and submit this: letter

together with the application form for electronic participation on

page 195.

Purpose of the meeting

The purpose of this meeting is to:

 present the group audited annual financial statements of the

company for the year ended 28 February 2021 (including the

directors’ report and the audit committee report);

 consider any matters raised by shareholders; and

 consider and, if deemed fit, to pass, with or without

modification, the ordinary and special resolutions set out

below.

For the ordinary resolutions numbers 1 to 8 to be adopted, the

support of more than 50% of the total number of votes

exercised by shareholders, present in person or by proxy, is

required.

For the special resolutions numbers 1 to 3 to be adopted, the

support of at least 75% of the total number of votes exercised

by shareholders, present in person or by proxy, is required.

Ordinary resolution 1 – adoption of annual

financial statements

Resolution: to adopt the audited annual financial statements of

the group and holding company for the year ended 28 February

2021.

189

Raubex Integrated Report 2021

letter of representation, to be submitted to Computershare

with the application form for electronic participation on page 195.

Dematerialised shareholders that do not wish to participate in the electronic annual general meeting may provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions. These

shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

Terms used in this form of proxy have the meaning given to them in the notice of annual general meeting to which this form of proxy is attached.

Please print clearly when completing this form and refer to the instructions and notes at the end of this form for an explanation of the use of this proxy form and the rights

of the shareholder and the proxy.

I/we (full name in block letters)

of (address)

Telephone (work)

(home)

being a shareholder(s) of the company and being the registered owner/s of

ordinary shares in the company;

hereby appoint

of

failing him/her

of

or failing him/her, the chairman of the annual general meeting;

to attend and participate in the annual general meeting and to speak and to vote or abstain from voting for me/us and on my/our behalf in respect of all matters arising,

including any poll and all resolutions put to the annual general meeting.

My/our proxy shall vote as follows:

(Please indicate with an “X” in the appropriate spaces below how you wish your votes to be cast. If you do not do so, the proxy may vote or abstain at his/her discretion.)

A shareholder is entitled to one vote for every share held.

FOR

AGAINST

ABSTAIN

Ordinary resolution 1 – adoption of annual financial statements

Ordinary resolution number 2 – reappointment of independent external auditors

Ordinary resolution number 3 – confirmation of appointment of Samuel (Sam) Jacobus Odendaal as director of the company

effective 1 June 2021

Ordinary resolution number 4 – re-election of directors

4.1 F Kenney

4.2 LA Maxwell

4.3 BH Kent

4.4 SR Bogatsu

Ordinary resolution number 5 – election of audit committee members

5.1 LA Maxwell

5.2 BH Kent

5.3 SR Bogatsu

Ordinary resolution number 6 – endorsement of Raubex remuneration policy

Ordinary resolution number 7 – endorsement of Raubex remuneration implementation report

Ordinary resolution number 8 – directors’ authority to implement special and ordinary resolutions

Special resolution number 1 – remuneration of non-executive directors

Special resolution number 2 – general authority to repurchase shares

Special resolution number 3 – financial assistance to related or inter-related company

Unless otherwise instructed, my/our proxy may vote as he/she thinks fit.

Signed this

day of

2021

Signature

193

Raubex Integrated Report 2021:

