Managing Director (“MD”), Santova Logistics (SA)

Financial Director, Santova Logistics (SA) FD, Legal Advisor, the Santova International Trade Solutions Divisional

Executive and the Santova Logistics KZN Regional Head.

FUNCTION

The Committee interacts directly with Management (and where appropriate, employees of all levels) to ensure the

complete implementation of the Risk Management Process.

RISK INBOX

PROCESS

PURPOSE

This process allows any employee to identify and communicate a risk to the Risk Management Committee via a

dedicated email address.

FUNCTION

Whilst this opportunity is always available for any employee, the Secretary of the Risk Management Committee

also communicates with top, senior and certain middle management to encourage and discuss risk observations.

RISK

REGISTER

PURPOSE

This is the complete register of all identified Santova risks, captured into three main components, namely:

Basic Risk Information, Risk Assessment and Risk Response Information.

FUNCTION

The Risk Register facilitates and provides the complete record of the Risk Management Process implemented by

the Risk Management Framework.

HOW WE MANAGE RISK

Santova undertakes disciplined and proactive risk management, which forms a central part

of its overall corporate governance structure. This is achieved through a structured and

continual Risk Management Process, supported by Risk Tools, within the overall Risk

Management Framework.

RISK TOOLS

The following Risk Tools are used in the implementation of the Risk Management Process to achieve the Risk

Management Objectives:

Santova’s Risk Management Objectives guide the Group to proactively calculate uncertainties and predict their effect on business

to reduce both the possibility of a risk occurring and its impact. These objectives are achieved through the Santova Risk

Management Process, which encompasses the identification, analysis, and response to risk with the assistance of the Risk Tools.

KING IV™

The Board has assumed responsibility for risk governance

and in terms of Principle 11 read with Principles 4, 8 and 10,

the Board has:

CREATE

an awareness and understanding of risk.

a culture of risk management accountability at all

levels within the organisation.

IDENTIFY

risks completely and capture these risks in Santova’s

Risk Register.

Santova’s Risk Tolerance, which will allow for the

achievement of strategic and business objectives.

ENGAGE

risks and manage them effectively within the Risk

Tolerance parameters.

risk management as part of the normal operations,

which includes linking risks to controls.

COMPLY

with appropriate risk management practices.

with corporate governance guidelines and relevant

codes of good practice.

RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES

Within the ambit of the goals set out in King IV™,

Santova has set its Risk Management Objectives:

ESTABLISHED

the approach and strategy to risk governance within

the Group where risk is an integral part to decision-

making and adherence to roles and duties;

STIPULATED

the Group’s Risk Policy, which defines the Risk

Management Objectives, Risk Management

Framework, Risk Management Process and clarifies

the concept of the Group’s Risk Tolerance;

DELEGATED

the implementation and execution of effective risk

management to Management through its Risk

Management Framework; and

OVERSEEN

the management of risk within the Group and

participated in the rating and assessment of the

Group’s Key Inherent Risks, an extract of which is

disclosed on page 34 of this report.

✛ GOVERNANCE

32 | Santova Limited Annual Integrated Report 2021:

