Message from the Chairman

8

Understanding WBHO

9

Quick facts

9

Vision

9

The WBHO Way

10

Geographic presence

12

What differentiates WBHO?

13 Creating value

14

Value creating business model

18

Material issues and operating context

36

Engaging and creating value

for stakeholders

42

Strategic objectives

50

Risk management

55 Delivering value

56

Message from the

Chief Executive Officer

62

Operational reports

80

Order book and outlook

88

Message from the

Chief Financial Officer

100 Protecting value

101 Message from the

Lead independent director

102 Board of Directors

104 Governance report

107 Audit committee report

111 Message from the Remuneration

committee Chairman

112 Remuneration committee report

113 Remuneration and implementation

report

126 Reference information

126 Abbreviations and acronyms

126 Financial definitions

IBC Shareholders’ diary

IBC Statutory information

CONTENTS:

Dear shareholders,

I am pleased to present the Audit committee report for the 2021

financial year. In addition to fulfilling the statutory and other duties

and responsibilities conferred upon us, we closely monitored the

material financial risks confronted by the Group that originated in

FY2020. At the centre of these risks, was ensuring oversight of the

additional losses incurred on two projects in Australia and the

impact of the associated funding thereof on the financial position,

liquidity and going concern of the Group in the midst of the

economic hardship brought about by Covid-19.

In these uncertain times, vigilant and proactive financial

management alongside transparent communication with

stakeholders is essential. Each year we evaluate the suitability of the

expertise and experience of the Chief Financial Officer, review the

expertise, resources and experience of the finance function as a

whole while also obtaining regular independent reports on the

appropriateness and effectiveness of the Group’s internal control

environment from the internal and external auditors. As a

committee, we are able to confirm that the financial processes and

controls of the Group are sufficiently robust to ensure the integrity of

WBHO’s financial reporting.

This report provides details of how the committee satisfied its

various statutory obligations during the year, how it assessed the

effectiveness of the internal auditors and the appointment,

independence and effectiveness of the external auditors. The report

also reflects on significant matters that arose in the year and how

the committee addressed those.

We gave specific attention to various accounting and IFRS

technical matters that arose during the year, including addressing

queries on our 2020 financial statements from the JSE as part of

their ‘Pro-active monitoring of annual financial statements’. We

engaged the process in a collaborative and positive manner and

after providing clarification on a variety of technical issues we also

included certain improvements to our disclosures in the 2021

financial statements. In addition, we monitored the progress of the

ongoing initiatives undertaken to enhance our IT governance and

obtained confirmation from the internal auditors on the resolution

of all medium- and high-risk findings within their reports. The

number of projects achieving satisfactory or better internal audit

reports increased from 81% of projects audited to 83%. 17% of

projects required improvement in the controls implemented over

certain areas while no projects were reported to have a weak

control environment.

While the committee will continue to operate within its mandate and

address all regular matters reserved for its consideration, we will

also focus on the following areas in FY2022:

• Monitoring the final completion of the loss-making WRU and

443 Queen Street projects

• Monitoring the financial performance of the Australian

operations under the context of the revised business strategy

• Monitor and assess the liquidity and working capital position

of the Group

• Oversee the finalisation of the enhanced IT governance

policies and procedures implemented

UNDERSTANDING WBHO I CREATING VALUE I DELIVERING VALUE I PROTECTING VALUE:

Dear shareholders,

WBHO returned to profitability in FY2021. Pleasingly, WBHO

bedded down the right-sizing of the business undertaken in the

prior year and managed the consequences of Covid-19 extremely

well although the decision by the Australia Foreign Investment

Review Board not to allow the sale of Probuild was extremely

disappointing. The ongoing funding of the Australian business

has been managed well with the operational divisions from other

regions generating positive cash flows in support of the required

funding. The Covid-19 restrictions on travel placed extra strain on

management in overseeing the completion of the Western Roads

Upgrade Project (WRU) and 443 Queen Street projects in

Australia. The financial performance of these two projects has

again severely affected both the short- and long-term incentives

of the Group’s senior management. Short-term incentives for

executive management are calculated in accordance with the

Remuneration policy which resulted in positive calculated

amounts. We experienced some difficulty in determining

appropriate targets for the FY2021 year due to the prior year

being negatively affected by the impact of Covid-19 and the

material losses suffered in Australia. The operating profit target

was determined with reference to the FY2019 actual performance

adjusted for an estimated increased operational cost resulting

from Covid-19. The committee also approved the award of

short-term incentives to employees within the African operations

in acknowledgement of their efforts in successfully navigating the

Covid-19 pandemic and returning profitability to pre-Covid-19

levels amidst the turbulent environment experienced throughout

the year.

The overarching responsibility of the Remuneration committee is

to ensure that the principles of accountability, transparency and

good governance are followed for all remuneration-related

matters across WBHO. The committee ensures that WBHO has

the appropriate remuneration policies and practices in place to

attract, motivate and retain the right talent, especially at executive

and operational level, and to ensure that there is an appropriate

link between executive remuneration and the Group’s

performance against its strategic objectives. The committee

must also annually review the skills profile of the Group and its

leadership team as well as undertake annual evaluations of the

performance of WBHO’s executive directors and management.

In FY2021, the Remuneration committee specifically focused on:

• Shareholder engagement, specifically with regard to the

decision to award bonuses in FY2020

• Reporting of related party transactions and determining the

suitable board committee to oversee related party

transactions and risk

• Decision to pay bonuses in accordance with the Remuneration

policy in respect of the FY2020 performance after:

– Assessing the Group and divisional operating performance

– Determining that the Australian performance should not

penalise all employees

– Applying the remuneration strategy taking cognisance of

fairness to all employees

– Assessing the sustainability of WBHO

– Giving consideration to the payment of salaries over various

lockdown periods

– Executive personal scorecards

– Adjusting the calculated bonuses for executive directors

• Reviewing the 2021 short-term incentive targets, giving

consideration to the reasonableness thereof and ensuring a

suitable stretch target, which resulted in no changes being made.

UNDERSTANDING WBHO I CREATING VALUE I DELIVERING VALUE I PROTECTING VALUE:

