Managing director

Moolmans

MBA (University of Cumbria)

Experience: 30 years of industry and

related experience

Appointed on: 1 September 2023

LIESL TWEEDIE (55)

Group executive: Finance

BCom (Hons), CA(SA)

Experience: 28 years of industry and

related experience

At Aveng for: Six years

SEAN FLANAGAN (63)*

Group chief executive officer

BSc (Building)

Appointed to the Board: November 2015; appointed CEO in

February 2019

Experience: 40 years of industry and related experience

Board committees:

Member:

TR

ADRIAN MACARTNEY (55)

Group finance director

BCom, BCompt (Hons), CA(SA)

Appointed to the Board: September 2014

Experience: 29 years of industry and related experience

Board committees:

Member:

TR

ABOUT OUR REPORT

WHO WE ARE AND HOW WE CREATE VALUE

MATERIALITY AND STRATEGY

16

Aveng Integrated Report 2023:

managing director and HR executive

• Detailed analysis, reporting and monthly assurance of project

performance at all sites

• Progressive implementation of equipment renewal and

optimisation programme improving fleet reliability and availability

• Leveraging technology to enhance data-based decision-making,

operational efficiency and safety

• Strengthening project leadership

• 100% of projects profitable at year end

Availability and cost of operational resources

Project implementation and financial performance are impacted

by extraordinary increases in the cost of construction materials and

equipment due to high inflation, rising commodity prices, supply chain

congestion and higher-interest rates.

Projects are impacted by inadequate availability of leadership or

labour resources which was worsened by COVID-19-related mobility

constraints. In Australia, low unemployment and a competitive labour

market impact the availability and cost of human resources. In South

Africa, the remote nature of mining sites limits skills availability.

Stakeholders impacted: Employees, clients, subcontractors and

other suppliers

• Implemented strategies to mitigate the effect of inflationary cost

pressures on existing projects and new tenders

• Implemented several actions to mitigate skills shortages, including

international recruitment, training and incentivisation to drive

targeted performance and talent retention

• Developing succession plans for key executive positions and

focusing on securing appropriate candidates for all key project

management roles

IT infrastructure and cyber security

Technology advances enable businesses to enhance operational

efficiency and safety with data-based decision-making and

process automation.

Rapidly evolving and increasingly complex technology escalates

the risk of cyber crime, increasing the need for businesses to protect

against cyber breaches that could threaten their data integrity,

financial performance and reputation.

Stakeholders impacted: Employees, clients, subcontractors

and other suppliers

• McConnell Dowell and Moolmans invested in new generation

technologies and are migrating users to cloud platforms to reduce

reliance on legacy systems

• Upgraded head office IT infrastructure

• Conducted vulnerability testing and invested in cyber security

threat prevention, detection and response

• Cyber security response aligned with NIST standards

• Conduct routine user awareness training

Legend

 Extremely high potential impact

Risks addressed as a priority

due to high exposure.

 Very high potential impact

Risks that cause management

concern and are actively

managed and mitigated.

 High potential impact

Risks that require management

attention and are actively

managed and mitigated.

 Moderate potential impact

Risks that require attention

but are not an immediate

cause for concern.

Unchanged risk trend

Reducing risk trend

Increasing risk trend

ABOUT OUR REPORT

WHO WE ARE AND HOW WE CREATE VALUE

MATERIALITY AND STRATEGY

24

Aveng Integrated Report 2023:

managing director in Southeast Asia

• Strengthened Moolmans management team with appointment of a new: managing director and HR executive

• Developing an engineering-led organisation

ABOUT OUR REPORT

WHO WE ARE AND HOW WE CREATE VALUE

MATERIALITY AND STRATEGY

26

Aveng Integrated Report 2023

managing director of Moolmans in June 2023, Group CEO

Sean Flanagan stepped in as interim executive chairman of Moolmans

and Rod Dixon was appointed: managing director with effect from

1 September 2023. The Moolmans leadership team has considerable

experience, further enhanced by new executive appointments.

McConnell Dowell and Moolmans have both implemented systems

and processes to strengthen people management and support career

progression, while ensuring that talent is retained in competitive human

capital environments. Succession planning, remuneration and reward

are key elements of the Group’s strategy to attract and retain a pipeline

of future leaders, as detailed in the remuneration report on page 54.

ESG

The Board and its committees oversee the progressive implementation

of the new ESG framework throughout the Group, while ensuring that the

well-established existing management systems and practices maintain

continuity in our commitment to ethical and responsible conduct. There

has been a perceptible shift in the Group’s approach to its environmental

and social management as the more structured process to understand,

measure, monitor and report on ESG matters formalises our commitment

to sustainable social and environmental outcomes.

PERFORMANCE

GOVERNANCE AND REMUNERATION

SHAREHOLDERS’ INFORMATION

31

Aveng Integrated Report 2023

letter of credit facilities.

Movement in Group borrowings (Rm)

Opening

balance

TFF

Repaid SA

legacy debt

Repaid

TFF

Moolman’s

ABFs

McD term

debt

Repayment

McD term

debt

Closing

balance

481

450

(478)

(450)

704

320

(7)

1 020

External borrowings and other liabilities increased by R539 million to

R1 billion (2022: R481 million) after accounting for:

• settlement of legacy debt of R478 million;

• entering into, and settlement of a trade finance facility of R450 million

raised for Trident Steel to facilitate working capital needs to support

growth;

• new asset-backed financing facilities of R887 million, with a balance

of R704 million at year end for new and refurbished heavy mining

equipment at Moolmans, with a remaining term of 44 months; and

• new term debt facility of R290 million (AUD23 million) raised to

partially fund the encashment of the BLNG project guarantee,

to be repaid in the next 12 months.

Unutilised facilities amounted to R388 million (2022: R205 million).

The Group continues to actively manage the liquidity and cash flow

in two distinct liquidity pools, namely McConnell Dowell and the

South African Group liquidity pool.

Subsequent to year end, the Group entered into new banking facilities

with The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited and the existing

common terms agreement will be restated and amended to reflect

this change.

Investment in capex

The Group incurred replacement capital expenditure of R751 million

for the year (2022: R834 million) and expansionary capital expenditure

of R614 million (2022: Rnil). The majority of the amount was spent

as follows:

• R225 million (AUD18 million) at McConnell Dowell, relating to

specific projects across the business units; and

• R1,1 billion at Moolmans, primarily investment in new heavy mining

equipment and components on existing fleet.

Right-of-use assets (ROU assets) decreased by R117 million to

R489 million (2022: R606 million) largely due to the derecognition

of ROU assets of R322 million on the disposal of Trident Steel,

depreciation of R219 million, new property leases of R249 million

at McConnell Dowell and heavy mining equipment leases of

R177 million in the current year.

Movement in property, plant and equipment, and leases (Rm)

Opening

balance

Additions Depreciation Disposals

ROU

derecognition

HFS

transfer

out

Other

Closing

balance

3 085

1 778

(796)

(168)

(49)

(519)

126

3 457

Report of the Group finance director continued

ABOUT OUR REPORT

WHO WE ARE AND HOW WE CREATE VALUE

MATERIALITY AND STRATEGY

42

Aveng Integrated Report 2023:

LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN: Dear stakeholders

This is the first year I am communicating directly with stakeholders

based on my recent appointment as chairman of the remuneration

committee (remcom). I take over the baton from Mike Kilbride who

has done an outstanding job of managing this committee and the

complexities that come with it, and managing remuneration decisions

for a business previously laden with debt and having to go through

significant restructuring.

While new into the role, I have already had to make significant

judgements given the prevailing market dynamics that continue to

shape our business landscape. In particular, challenges in attracting

and retaining talent in our geographic markets and factoring into

account various operational challenges which are covered in the

CEO report. The continuing challenges we face make it necessary

for Aveng and this remcom to continually re-evaluate and adapt its

remuneration policy, strategy and employee value proposition.

Based on the above, we have made three critical decisions that inform

our remuneration thinking in terms of policy and the implementation

report that are highlighted below and further detailed in each of the

respective sections in this report:

1. The decision has been taken to pay no bonuses to executive

directors, prescribed officers and all other staff even though certain

non-financial metrics were achieved, with the exception of participants

in the New Zealand business of McConnell Dowell who delivered

outstanding performance well in excess of targets.

2. Given the challenge in attracting and retaining talent in our markets

and the goal to continue the business turnaround, the decision

was taken to implement a retention programme for key individuals

payable in 12 months, assuming individuals are still employed

in their respective businesses. The quanta of such payments are

approximately half the existing on-target bonus quanta and will

be paid in September 2024.

3. A revised cash, settled long-term incentive (LTI), subject to

performance conditions, was implemented for senior staff below

executive directors and prescribed officers to lock in key members

of our talent pool to be able to achieve our longer-term objectives.

We believe the above three decisions are critical to clearly articulating

our message to participants that reward has to be closely linked to

operating and financial performance, while seeking to reward talent and

to send a strong message that we value our talent and wish to retain

them in the business.

As it is my first year in the role, I will look to continue to optimise the

remuneration across the Group ensuring that it is competitive, and that

reward is linked to performance and is internally fair given our various

geographies and operating businesses.

The committee convened over four scheduled remcom meetings

and other ad hoc meetings as required. These meetings often

required significant deliberation to arrive at our decisions and

discharge our mandate.

Performance

In a year of transition, the Group underperformed in its financial results

for the year, with both McConnell Dowell and Moolmans reporting losses

as set out in more detail in the financial directors’ report. The highlight

of the year was that the external common terms agreement debt was

fully repaid in terms of the requirements of the facility agreement and

provides the Group with increased flexibility going forward to manage

and grow both McConnell Dowell and Moolmans.

In closing, my gratitude extends to our exceptional executive team,

who have demonstrated unwavering dedication and commitment

throughout the past year, under extremely challenging circumstances,

and completed the multi-year restructuring plan that was put in place

to help stabilise and grow the Group. I extend thanks to the members

of the remcom, whose tireless efforts are instrumental in the execution

of our remuneration strategies.

The report is split into the following three sections:

Part 1: Overview: Covering the work performed by the remcom during

the year and the focus areas for this next financial year.

Part 2: Remuneration policy

Part 3: Implementation of the remuneration policy

The board will put both the remuneration policy and the implementation

report forward for non-binding advisory shareholder resolutions at the

upcoming annual general meeting (AGM).

I look forward to your support of the abovementioned resolutions.

B Meyer

letter of award. To date only performance

awards have been issued.

• Retention award: Vesting is subject to the satisfaction of the employment

conditions which will be specified in the: letter of award.

The maximum shareholder dilution in aggregate is 3% of issued share capital

and an individual dilution limit of 1% of issued share capital of the Company.

Vesting is subject to the satisfaction

of performance conditions and

the employment condition in line

with the Group’s approach to

performance-related incentives.

Performance conditions and

employment conditions will be

specified in the letter of award.

Manner of

settlement

The LTIP 2022 is intended to be settled by the issue of ordinary shares to the

selected participants but could also be settled by purchase of shares in the market

or the use of treasury shares.

The forfeitable shares will be held in escrow from settlement date to vesting date.

Awards are cash-settled to the

selected participants.

Performance

conditions

For 2023 and 2024 are set out in the table below.

Targets

2023 targets and respective performance are set out in the implementation report in part 3.

2024 targets to be disclosed retrospectively in the 2023 implementation report.

Vesting profile

Vesting over a three-year period

subject to performance conditions, i.e.

2022 (20%), 2023 (40%), 2024 (40%).

Vesting occurs:

• 50% in September 2024; and

• 50% in September 2025.

ABOUT OUR REPORT

WHO WE ARE AND HOW WE CREATE VALUE

MATERIALITY AND STRATEGY

60

Aveng Integrated Report 2023

