Letter to shareholders

14

Operational overview

34

Board of directors

36

Report of the audit and risk committee

40

King IV™ report by principle

48

Report of the remuneration committee

•

Remuneration principles

•

Remuneration implementation report

57

Report of the social and ethics committee

•

Broad-Based Black Eeconomic Empowerment

•

Environmental sustainability

•

Corporate social investment – HCI Foundation

69

Directors’ report

71

Approval by the board of directors

71

Declaration by company secretary

72

Shareholders’ snapshot

74

Summarised annual financial statements

88

Shareholders’ diary

88

Corporate administration

CONTENTS

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

1:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

JA Copelyn

Chief Executive Officer

Financial 2023 has seen HCI produce the best results

in its history, with headline earnings 41% improved on

last year and its share price over R200 a share for the

first time. The primary driver of this has been a general

improvement in the performance of virtually all our

businesses over the last two years.

eMedia:

Litigation to avoid more than 25% of television households

in the country being cut off from analogue broadcasts

succeeded in preventing this entirely unnecessary

development from being imposed. Happily, the new

Minister of Communications has been more receptive

to our suggested solution to the impasse created by

his predecessor. He has accepted our proposal to free

the use of that part of the spectrum auctioned to telcos

for exclusive use for 5G- IMT services without insisting

analogue television be simultaneously switched off.

At the end of months of litigation with the previous minister,

the department has finally agreed to accommodate free

television by allowing it to retune analogue transmitters

broadcasting above 694 MHz to frequencies below this cut

off, enabling the two services to co-exist without interfering

with each other. Practically, eTV can do this within a

few weeks of being allocated alternative frequencies by

ICASA as few of its transmitters are still affected, albeit

they include major cities with large audience reach.

It remains to be seen whether the proposed final switch-

off of analogue TV, now proposed for the end of 2024,

is achievable. eTV will work closely with the Department

to try to shift analogue audiences to free digital platforms

by that date, but the important thing is whether the state

makes sufficient effort to succeed by this date, rather than

repeating the same approach of doing very little, ignoring

its failure, but insisting on imposing a switch-off that cuts

millions of homes from accessing television.

Had the previous Minister assisted such homes getting

access to Open View, instead of insisting only on the

Post Office distributing old DTT boxes that had been

sitting in its warehouses for a decade, we could be

much further along the road to ensuring millions more

television households would have had access to free

digital television by now. Nevertheless, we are grateful for

small mercies and hope we can achieve a real solution

that allows most people access to free TV, as was the

case in the past.

The efforts of DSTV to remove four of our digital channels

from their platform remains a major issue in the life of

eMedia. DSTV used the opportunity of the proposed

analogue switch- off, decided by the previous Minister, to

shut down access to these channels for DSTV subscribers.

The Competition Appeal court granted us an interdict

restraining this effort by DSTV pending an investigation

into our complaint that it represented an abuse of a

dominant platform. Several months later the Competition

Commission concluded there is no problem with DSTV’s

behaviour as the discontinuance did not affect the majority

of the revenue of our business. This hardly seems an

appropriate test to us. The fact that DSTV has about

9 million subscribers in a universe of 12 million homes

that have access to a digital television platform makes

us believe the platform is dominant. The channels were

accepted by DSTV for several years on the basis that we

would not charge for their non-exclusive availability on the

platform but would retain advertising revenue associated

with viewership of the channels (as is the current

arrangement with DSTV in relation to it broadcasting eTV

on its platform). By the time DSTV tried to remove these

channels they earned us close to R200m a year and were

amongst the most viewed channels on the DSTV platform.

The notion that DSTV is free to cut popular channels from

a dominant platform for no significant reason, preventing

the majority of television viewers in the country from

seeing them and causing their owner to be deprived of

significant advertising revenue, is not an acceptable

way of managing such a platform. The Competition

Commission blessing such conduct is most disappointing

and is an invitation to similarly remove the eTV channel

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

8

9:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (Continued)

Frontier Transport (“FT”):

The bus company has continued to meet two key

challenges. The first is to ensure its wage costs do not

escalate faster than those of its competitors. For a number

of years we have reported on the company’s resistance

to the conniving of its competitors with the union to

impose a penalty on it for the fact that historically it has

paid wages far higher than its competitors. The technique

used to impose this pressure has been the indiscriminate

use of a clause in wage agreements known as the “across

the board” or ATB clause. Effectively it requires those

paying a premium to minimum wages to maintain the

same percentage such premiums are of minimum wages

as the latter are increased. In a business where routes

are expected to be put out to tender solely on the basis of

operational costs, with the city providing the buses and

ticketing infrastructure, such premiums will ultimately

ensure the company is the least competitive bidder.

To protect against this, the company has resisted the

imposition of the ATB clause in bargaining council

agreements. After several years of litigation over the

inequity of the clause and the way it is implemented,

the company has finally made some progress. It

succeeded on appeal in getting an exemption from the

clause in respect of one year and had the extension

of the agreement to non- parties set aside in the next.

The company has instead paid increases to all staff equal

to the amount that their applicable minimum wage was

increased or an amount equal to the percentage increase

in the cost of living, whichever was the greater. This

challenge unfortunately remains ongoing as neither the

company’s competitors nor the union appear interested

in amending their conduct.

Equally challenging, but potentially more important going

forward, is the decision of FT to transform its fleet from

diesel to electric buses.

This decision is not simply about which bus to buy. On

the contrary, it is a commitment to developing the right

skills within its labour force to be able to maintain these

buses and commissioning a new plant to assemble such

buses locally.

As desirable as this change is from a number of different

points of view, it has to be done cautiously in view of

the tremendous instability of the country’s electric grid at

present. If one is unable to recharge the batteries of electric

buses daily, the fleet will be totally stranded the following

day. As a result, FT can only move its transformation as

fast as it can ensure access to electricity. To this end,

the company has moved to greatly increase its access

to self-generated solar power. FT is confident that it will

thereby be able to charge up to 120 electric buses as it

plans to roll out over the next two years.

In the meantime, the company has yet to persuade the

city to complete the homologation process of the test

buses it has acquired, despite nine months of testing

them with sandbags instead of passengers. Despite the

difficulties, however, we see this is a necessity for the

long-term future of the business and are determined to

encourage an urgent start.

Deneb:

The company has performed fairly well. Manufacturing

operations have been hit by difficulties associated with

load shedding which, unsurprisingly, have pushed up

production costs. Likewise, the fact that OEMs in the

motor assembly industry were significantly affected by

load shedding created its own difficulties for Formex

as a component supplier. Nevertheless, a number of

businesses within Deneb have done extraordinarily well.

These include Romatex, Polypropylene Bags as well as

Butterfly Products.

Seartec continues its path towards being EBITDA positive

as its new model of simply renting out photocopiers on

a monthly basis grows each month. Despite its rapid

growth it still supplies only a tiny fraction of the market,

leaving lots of space to continue growing for many years.

Our hope is that the coming year will see it breaking even

after depreciation and that it will thereafter grow into a

substantially profitable business.

Deneb has also invested significantly in Formex by buying

a new property and installing new presses in it. These

presses are much heavier than those previously in use in

Formex and will provide the means for Formex to move to

supplying much larger pressed parts. This in turn will allow it

to grow into the world of providing parts needed for electric

vehicles which is undoubtedly the future of the industry.

Karoshoek Concentrated Solar Plant:

This investment was an unusual one for HCI in that we

have only a 10% stake in the business. Nevertheless, we

thought it was an important project to encourage as it

was a concentrated solar power plant with the capacity

to store solar electricity for several hours, allowing it to

provide electricity during peak periods of demand and

not just when the sun is shining.

The plant has now been operating for a number of

years with various degrees of success. We have learnt

an enormous amount from the experience but play a

very small part in its future success, being such a small

shareholder and having no real influence on its operation.

In the circumstances, we have decided to sell our stake

and move on with businesses in which we can play a

more active role. Subsequent to year-end, we entered

into a sale agreement for our interest in the business with

an active insider in the Karoshoek project for R350m.

His knowledge of the business substantially simplified

the warrantees required and we hope the suspensive

conditions for this sale will shortly be fulfilled.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

10

11:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

The last area that needs to be resolved is the offtake

arrangements for the product of the mine. Essentially, the

mine will provide concentrate which requires smelting to

achieve a saleable matt product. There are several intense

discussions around how this can best be done and it

remains the most complex of issues to resolve. We continue

to hope however that by the end of the year we will have a

better indication of how this aspect can best be resolved.

There is a further business in PTM that we hope will grow

in value over time. For anyone engaged in issues around

global warming and practical alternatives to dependence

on fossil fuels for the world’s growing energy needs,

there is little doubt that progress is highly dependent on

the development of improved technologies for storing

electricity efficiently. In general, this puts improvements

in battery technology front and centre of desperately

needed technological advances.

Given their considerably higher energy density, Lithium

Oxygen and Lithium Sulphur batteries can perform better,

by orders of magnitude, than the best-in-class Lithium-ion

batteries currently on the market or under development.

This new generation of lightweight, powerful batteries

has the potential to grow to scale on the back of the

attractiveness of battery electric vehicles and the use of

lithium batteries in other applications beyond mobility.

PTM, in partnership with Anglo American Platinum Limited,

has focused on these new technologies together with a

research institute at the Florida International University.

The business is called Lion Battery Technologies Inc

(“Lion”). It remains early days, but already there have

been a number of important patented advances made.

Lion is currently working on several additional and

complementary opportunities focused on developing

next-generation battery technology using platinum and

palladium coatings as catalysts.

The solutions offered by these developments are probably

3-5 years from being potentially commercially available

but they remain a key prospect for greatly increasing the

efficiency of batteries.

Properties:

Our property division has grown steadily over the years. It

started with us focusing on developing greenfield, or at least

brownfield opportunities across a wide range of property

classes, including inner city rented accommodation;

offices; shopping centres; warehousing; conferencing

facilities and combinations thereof. Each such property

was initially heavily geared, typically to 70% loan to value

with shareholder guarantees behind the loan. We built

a portfolio of rental assets with a gross value of around

R3 billion in partnership with a number of developers.

Probably greatly accelerated by the effects of covid on

the business, which badly affected all classes of tenants,

we came to recognize it was time to lower the level of

gearing in the portfolio as well as focus much more of

our efforts on managing existing properties, rather than

acquiring new ones. Our development programme over

the last year has in consequence primarily been limited

to phase three of the Whale Coast Shopping Mall at

Hermanus and the extension of a shopping centre in Paarl

which were both pre-let before we commenced building.

The level of vacancies has been well managed and has

steadily declined across the portfolio over the last year.

Likewise, our loan to value ratio has declined and now sits

at about 52%. The business has picked up in profitability

and is likely to continue to do so with the revival of our

conference centre Gallagher Estates which, like hotels,

was amongst the worst hit businesses through covid but

is happily back to pre-covid levels of occupancy.

We have taken the opportunity to dispose of a few

properties, including a developed house on the Steenberg

estate, vacant land next to the Gallagher Convention

Centre, a section of Solly Sachs house which is occupied

by SACTWU as its regional office in Gauteng and a

property at Auckland Park which we had acquired with a

view to building student accommodation.

Unquestionably, we need to continue reducing the level

of debt in the portfolio over the next few years until the

business is a free standing one, supported by its own

balance sheet, but we are pleased to have built such a

valuable and vibrant portfolio as well as a strong team

of managers to run it in the relatively short time in which

this was done.

Smaller Businesses:

We sold our interest in Business Systems Group (“BSG”)

back to the company for R68.5 million which we thought

of as a fair price. We paid R3 million to acquire the stake

and have received multiples of that amount in dividends

through the years. Admittedly, we held the stake for twenty

years. The company subsequently placed the shares with

another BEE partner active in the IT consulting space

and so, hopefully, we both did well out of the shareholder

changes and BSG will continue to thrive.

Inrange Golf continues to open new sites. It currently has

33 sites and expects to have another 9 operating in the

immediate future. It is expected to continue this roll- out.

It has a further 8 sites signed up and is in negotiation

with another 15. Its EBITDA loss last year was R15.5

million for the year. We hope the cumulative contribution

of operating sites and new ones being rolled out will allow

the company to become EBITDA positive next year.

GRiPP is slowly gaining traction with outside companies

and should be at the end of its loss making start- up phase.

HCI Foundation:

The HCI Foundation continues to do us proud. Its work

covers extraordinary areas of help to communities such

as a programme in collaboration with Grace Vision in the

Eastern Cape to screen for eye conditions and visual: LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (Continued)

John Copelyn

Chief Executive Officer

26 July 2023

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

HOSKEN CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS LIMITED

12

13

