letter, the audit plan

and the budgeted audit fees payable to the external auditor

for 2023;

• Obtained an annual written statement from the external

auditor that its independence was not impaired;

• Determined the nature and extent of all non-audit services

provided by the external auditor and approved the applicable

non-audit services undertaken;

The directors of Master Drilling Group Limited have reviewed the

Group’s cash flow forecast for the year to 31 December 2024

and, in light of this review and the current financial position, they

are satisfied that the Group has access to adequate resources to

continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future.

The directors are responsible for the financial affairs of the Group.

The external auditor is responsible for independently auditing and

reporting on the Group’s financial statements. In accordance with

section 30(2)(a) of the Companies Act, the financial statements

of the Group, for the year ended 31 December 2023, have been

audited by BDO South Africa Incorporated, the Group’s independent

external auditor, whose unqualified audit report can be found on

www.masterdrilling.com.

Each of the directors, whose names are stated below, hereby

confirm that:

• The condensed annual financial statements set out on

pages 106 to 145, of the audited consolidated annual financial

statements fairly present in all material respects the financial

position, financial performance and cash flows of the issuer in

terms of IFRS;

• To the best of our knowledge and belief, no facts have been

omitted or untrue statements made that would make the annual

financial statements false or misleading;

• Internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that

material information relating to the issuer and its consolidated

subsidiaries has been provided to effectively prepare the financial

statements of the issuer;

• The internal financial controls are adequate and effective and

can be relied upon in compiling the annual financial statements,

having fulfilled our role and function as executive directors with

primary responsibility for the implementation and execution of

controls;

• Where we are not satisfied, we have disclosed to the Audit

Committee and the auditor any deficiencies in design and

operational effectiveness of the internal financial controls and

have taken steps to remedy the deficiencies; and

• We are not aware of any fraud involving directors.

The Group’s audited annual financial statements as approved on

25 March 2024, which have been prepared on the going concern

basis, were signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial

Officer on behalf of the Board of Directors.

Danie Pretorius

André van Deventer

Chief Executive Officer

Chief Financial Officer

Johannesburg

Johannesburg

30 April 2024

30 April 2024

• Considered whether any reportable irregularities were

identified and reported by the external auditor in terms of the

Auditing Profession Act, 2005, and determined that there were

none; and

• Satisfied itself that the external auditor has been the external

auditor of the Group and its subsidiaries for 12 years.

This includes a period of six years before a merger with its

predecessor audit firm. The Audit Committee further satisfied

itself that the initial external audit partner has rotated after a

period of five years as prescribed.

In respect of the annual financial statements, the

Audit Committee, among other matters:

• Confirmed going concern as the basis of preparation of the

annual financial statements;

• Considered whether any complex taxation areas exist that

could have a material impact on the financial statements and

determined that matters identified are being addressed by

management;

• Examined and reviewed the annual financial statements, as

well as all financial information disclosed to the public prior to

submission and approval by the directors;

• Ensured that the annual financial statements fairly present

the financial position of the Group as at the end of the period

and the results of operations and cash flows for the financial

period;

• Considered the appropriateness of the accounting policies

adopted and changes thereto;

• Reviewed the external auditor’s audit report;

• Reviewed the representation: letter relating to the annual

financial statements which was signed by management;

• Considered any problems identified and reviewed any

significant legal and tax matters that could have a material

impact on the annual financial statements; and

• Considered the 2023 proactive monitoring report and other

various JSE communications, where applicable.

In respect of internal financial control and internal audit,

the Audit Committee, among other matters:

• Established an independent in-house internal audit function

that is from time to time supported by PricewaterhouseCoopers

Inc. on specialist matters;

• Satisfied itself that the function effectively provided objective

and relevant assurance on the areas covered during the year;

• Reviewed internal audit reports and deliberated on the audit

findings in accordance with the combined assurance plan and

internal audit work programme;

• Considered the Group’s system of internal financial control,

during the year under review, with input and reports from the

independent internal auditor; and

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES

AND APPROVAL

AUDIT

COMMITTEE REPORT

for the year ended 31 December 2023

Master Drilling Group Limited

Integrated Report 2023

Master Drilling Group Limited

Integrated Report 2023

103

102

CONDENSED

CONSOLIDATED

ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Master Drilling Group Limited

Integrated Report 2023

Master Drilling Group Limited

Integrated Report 2023

103

102

letter of representation

to you or your proxy to attend the Annual General Meeting.

B.

If you have not dematerialised your shares

or have dematerialised your shares with “own

name” registration

Voting, attendance and representation at the Annual

General Meeting

You may attend, speak and vote at the Annual General Meeting

in person.

Alternatively, you may appoint one or more proxies to represent

you at the Annual General Meeting by completing the attached

form of proxy in accordance with the instructions it contains.

A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. Forms of

proxy must be lodged with or posted to Computershare to be

received within the allowable time periods prescribed by law.

C.

Electronic participation

As allowed by the Companies Act and the Company’s

Memorandum of Incorporation, Master Drilling intends to offer

shareholders reasonable access, through electronic facilities,

to participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of a

conference call facility. Shareholders will be able to listen to the

proceedings and raise questions should they wish to do so and

are invited to indicate their intention to make use of this facility

by making application, in writing (including details as to how the

shareholder or representative can be contacted) to Computershare

at the address set out in this notice of Annual General Meeting.

The application is to be received by Computershare at least

10 business days prior to the date of the Annual General Meeting

i.e. by Friday, 24 May 2024. Computershare will, by way of email,

provide information enabling participation to those shareholders

who have made application. Voting will, however, not be possible

via the electronic facility and shareholders wishing to exercise their

voting rights at the Annual General Meeting are required to be

represented at the meeting either in person, by proxy or by: letter

of representation as provided for in this notice of Annual General

Meeting.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in

relation to electronic participation at the Annual General Meeting.

Any such charges will not be for the account of Master Drilling

and/or Computershare. Neither Master Drilling nor Computershare

can be held accountable in the case of loss of network connectivity

or other network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet

connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or power outages which

prevents any such shareholder from participating at the Annual

General Meeting.

ORDINARY BUSINESS

Consideration of the annual financial

statements and reports

The consolidated audited annual financial statements of the

Company, together with the auditor’s, Audit and Social, Ethics

and Sustainability Committees’ and directors’ reports for the

year ended 31 December 2023 will be presented to shareholders

for consideration as required in terms of section 30(3)(d) of the

Companies Act and are available on the Company’s website at

www.masterdrilling.com. Shareholders are reminded to obtain

their own copies at www.masterdrilling.com so as to be able to

follow any discussion.

1. ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 1:

REAPPOINTMENT OF THE AUDITOR

“Resolved that BDO South Africa Incorporated is reappointed as

the auditor of the Company, to hold office from the conclusion

of the Annual General Meeting at which this resolution is passed

until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the

Company.”

2. ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 2:

RE-ELECTION OF NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR RETIRING BY ROTATION

“Resolved that Mr HR van der Merwe, who retires by rotation

at this Annual General Meeting pursuant to the Company’s

Memorandum of Incorporation and who is eligible and available

for re-election, is hereby re-elected as a non-executive director of

the Company.”

As required by Clause 25.8 of the Company’s Memorandum of

Incorporation, the non-conflicted members of the Board and

of its Nominations Committee recommend Mr van der Merwe’s

re-election based on their assessment of his eligibility, taking into

account his past performance and contribution.

Mr van der Merwe’s curriculum vitae appears on page 76 of the

2023 Integrated Report, available on www.masterdrilling.com.

3. ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 3:

RE-ELECTION OF NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR RETIRING BY ROTATION

“Resolved that Mr AW Brink, who retires by rotation at this Annual

General Meeting pursuant to the Company’s Memorandum of

Incorporation and who is eligible and available for re-election, is

hereby re-elected as a non-executive director of the Company.”

As required by Clause 25.8 of the Company’s Memorandum of

Incorporation, the non-conflicted members of the Board and of its

Nominations Committee recommend Mr Brink’s re-election based

on their assessment of his eligibility, taking into account his past

performance and contribution.

Mr Brink’s curriculum vitae appears on page 76 of the 2023

Integrated Report, available on www.masterdrilling.com.

4. ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS

NUMBERS 4.1 TO 4.4: ELECTION OF

MEMBERS OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

4.1 Election of Mr Andries Willem Brink as a member of the

Audit Committee

“Subject to the passing of ordinary resolution number 3, resolved

that Mr AW Brink is elected as a member of the Audit Committee,

from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting at which

this resolution is passed until the conclusion of the next Annual

General Meeting of the Company.”

Mr Brink’s curriculum vitae appears on page 76 of the 2023

Integrated Report, available on www.masterdrilling.com.

4.2 Election of Mr Shane Trevor Ferguson as a member of the

Audit Committee

“Resolved that Mr ST Ferguson is elected as a member of the

Audit Committee, from the conclusion of the Annual General

Meeting at which this resolution is passed until the conclusion of

the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.”

Mr Ferguson‘s curriculum vitae appears on page 77 of the 2023

Integrated Report, available on www.masterdrilling.com.

4.3 Election of Mr Akhter Alli Deshmukh as a member of the

Audit Committee

“Resolved that Mr AA Deshmukh is elected as a member of the

Audit Committee, from the conclusion of the Annual General

Meeting at which this resolution is passed until the conclusion of

the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.”

Mr Deshmukh’s curriculum vitae appears on page 76 of the 2023

Integrated Report, available on www.masterdrilling.com.

4.4 Election of Ms Mamokete Ramathe as a member of the

Audit Committee

“Resolved that Ms M Ramathe is elected as a member of the Audit

Committee, from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting

at which this resolution is passed until the conclusion of the next

Annual General Meeting of the Company.”

Ms Ramathe’s curriculum vitae appears on page 77 of the 2023

Integrated Report, available on www.masterdrilling.com.

Master Drilling Group Limited

Integrated Report 2023

Master Drilling Group Limited

Integrated Report 2023

151

150

SHAREHOLDER

INFORMATION

letter of representation to attend the general meeting or you must instruct them as

to how you wish to vote in this regard. This must be done in terms of the custody agreement entered into between you and the CSDP or broker.

I/We (Names in full in BLOCK LETTERS)

of (address)

being the holder/s of

shares in the issued ordinary share capital of Master Drilling hereby appoint:

1.

of

or failing him/her,

2.

of

or failing him/her,

3. the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting,

as my/our proxy/ies to attend, speak and on a poll to vote or abstain from voting on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting or at any adjournment

thereof for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing with or without modification, the following resolutions to be considered at the Annual

General Meeting in accordance with the following instructions:

Please indicate with an “X” in the appropriate spaces how votes are to be cast

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1: Reappointment of BDO South Africa Incorporated as the external auditor

Ordinary resolution number 2: Re-election of Mr HR van der Merwe as a non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 3: Re-election of Mr AW Brink as a non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 4.1: Election of Mr AW Brink as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 4.2: Election of Mr ST Ferguson as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 4.3: Election of Mr AA Deshmukh as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 4.4: Election of Ms M Ramathe as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 5: General authority to directors to allot and issue ordinary shares

Ordinary resolution number 6: General authority to directors to issue for cash, those ordinary shares placed under the

control of the directors in terms of ordinary resolution number 5

Ordinary resolution number 7: Approval of the Master Drilling remuneration policy

Ordinary resolution number 8: Approval of the implementation report on the Master Drilling remuneration policy

Special resolution number 1: Acquisition of the Company’s own shares

Special resolution number 2: Non-executive directors’ fees

Special resolution number 3: Approval to grant financial assistance in terms of sections 44 and 45 of the Companies Act

Signed at

on

2024

Name of shareholder/joint holders

Assisted by (if applicable)

Full name/s of signatory/ies if signing in a representative capacity

(In block letters and authority to be attached – refer to note 7 on page 158).

Master Drilling Group Limited

Integrated Report 2023

Master Drilling Group Limited

Integrated Report 2023

157

156

SHAREHOLDER

INFORMATION:

