Managing Director of the then newly formed Roadmac Surfacing, which under his management grew into

the leading road surfacing company in South Africa. Rudolf has more than 20 years’ experience in road surfacing and the bitumen industry. He was

appointed as CEO of the Group effective 1 March 2010. Effective 31 July 2022, Rudolf retired as CEO and assumed the position as Non-Executive

Deputy Chairman from 1 August 2022 with a focus on business strategy and M&A. With the resignation of Freddie Kenney, Les Maxwell was

appointed as Acting Chairman with Rudolf being appointed permanent Chairman effective 6 December 2022.

Non-Executive Chairman (Effective 6 December 2022)

Rudolf Johannes Fourie (57)

NDip Marketing Management

Felicia joined Raubex as an Independent Non-Executive Director in February 2011. She has extensive knowledge and experience in the field of

governance, including internal audit, external audit and risk management. Felicia was appointed as Executive Director responsible for Governance,

Risk and Compliance for the Group effective 1 March 2017. She previously served as Group Chief Audit Executive at Denel SOC Ltd, Director of Risk

and Assurance at City Power Johannesburg SOC Ltd, Head of Internal Audit at the Independent Development Trust (IDT) and as a partner and director

at SizweNtsalubaGobodo VSP. Felicia also held a directorship position within the Institute of Internal Auditors of South Africa (IIASA) where she served

on the Audit Committee and Public Sector Committee, in addition to various roles in both the public and private sector. Felicia served on the Board

of the Institute of Directors South Africa from 2018 to 2021. Felicia was the Group’s Executive Director responsible for Governance, Risk and

Compliance until her appointment as CEO effective 1 August 2022.

Chief Executive Officer (Effective 1 August 2022)

Ntombi (Felicia) Msiza (48)

BCom, HDip (Tax), MBA, Chartered Director (SA)

Sam joined Raubex in July 2007 as the Financial Manager of Raubex Construction (Pty) Ltd and has grown through the financial ranks of the Group,

where he was appointed as the Financial Manager of the Roads and Earthworks Division in May 2015, before being appointed as the Group Financial

Manager in March 2020. Sam is an experienced Chartered Accountant and holds an Honours Bachelor of Commerce Degree from the University of

the Free State. Sam completed his articles with Havenga Rossouw Viljoen in Bloemfontein in 2004, following which he was appointed as a partner

at GJ Maasz & Kie before joining Raubex. Sam was appointed Financial Director of Raubex effective 1 June 2021.

Financial Director

Samuel (Sam) Jacobus Odendaal (47)

BCom, CA(SA)

Setshego joined Raubex as an Independent Non-Executive Director effective 1 June 2017. She has over 30 years’ professional experience in financial

management, procurement and strategic planning. Most recently, she served in senior financial management and procurement positions at Fluor

South Africa (Pty) Ltd for 10 years, prior to which she was the CFO at the National Nuclear Regulator. She also held financial management roles at

BMW South Africa and Sasol Ltd. Setshego also served as a Non-Executive Director on the board of Pikitup Johannesburg (SOC) Ltd and as member

of the Group Remuneration Panel of the City of Johannesburg. She currently serves as Non-Executive Director of TRS Staffing Solutions, a global

engineering recruitment agency. As a result of Rudolf Fourie being CEO of Raubex prior to his appointment as Chairman of the Board, Setshego was

appointed Lead Independent Non-Executive Director effective 6 December 2022.

Lead Independent Non-Executive Director (Effective 6 December 2022)

Setshego Rebecca Bogatsu (60)

BCom, MBA

Nosisa is a qualified Chartered Accountant (SA) and an experienced executive and business leader. She holds 17 years’ experience as a partner (head

of forensic) and nine years as a board member at KPMG and has also completed Graduate of Leadership Programmes at the London and

Stellenbosch Business Schools. Nosisa was appointed Non-Executive Director effective 6 December 2022.

Independent Non-Executive Director (Effective 6 December 2022)

Nosisa Fubu (44)

BCom, CA(SA)

Bryan joined Raubex as an Independent Non-Executive Director in February 2011. He is an independent financial consultant and has served on the

boards of numerous listed and unlisted companies. Bryan was also a partner at PwC for 13 years where he managed the national tax practice and

gained considerable experience in the areas of property matters, financial structuring, leveraged buyouts, international taxation and listings.

Independent Non-Executive Director

Bryan Hugh Kent (78)

BCom, FCMA, CA(SA), HDip (Tax), HDip (Company Law)

Modi joined Raubex as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 29 May 2023. She is currently a Senior Lecturer: Financial Management at the

School of Accounting at the University of Johannesburg. Modi was previously a Private Equity and Investment Banking Senior Investment and

Portfolio Officer at the Development Bank of South Africa. She also worked at the National Empowerment Fund for two years until 2008. She

completed her articles at ABSA Group Ltd as an Internal Auditor (Commercial Banking).

Modi has held a number of Non-Executive Director positions at various public and private organisations, including Acsion Ltd and PSG Group Ltd.

She has also served on a number of Audit Committees as Chairperson.

Independent Non-Executive Director

Anna (Modi) Hlobo (48)

BCom, BCompt (Hons), CTA, Masters in Financial Management,

PhD (Accounting), CA(SA)

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

19

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

18

About Raubex

Financial performance

ESG Report

Performance and outlook

Shareholders information

About Raubex:

letter for three wind

power generation plants in the Western Cape. The combined

value of the three projects will be R2.1 billion, which is still

pending financial close being achieved. This will replace some

of the lost earnings from the Beitbridge Border Post contract

going forward. Although we continue to be well positioned to

participate in the REIPPPP projects, the protracted tender

processes by Government is frustrating. Of the 2 583MW

procured under Bid Window 5, six projects are in construction

and should be connected to the grid from August 2024, the

remaining 13 projects are still in the process of reaching

commercial and financial close. Of the 1 000MW procured

under Bid Window 6, six projects have reached Preferred Bidder

Status and are in the process of preparing for commercial and

financial close. The amended Schedule 2 of the Electricity

Regulation Act to increase the NERSA licensing threshold for

embedded generation projects from 1MW to 100MW was

republished on 18 January 2023, allowing for more significant

investment into embedded generation projects.

The Group continues to adopt a more conservative strategy to

working in the Rest of Africa and will only consider projects with

suitable risk and reward profiles. The mining services project for

Namdeb in Namibia and the Senqu River Bridge JV Project in

Lesotho for LHDA, are two such projects and profit generated

by these projects could replace some of the lost revenue and

profit from the completed Beitbridge Border Post Project.

Despite the many macroeconomic

headwinds faced by Raubex, we

managed to deliver a solid set of

results and grow our order book.

We have changed our reporting

structure to four niche divisions

and strengthened our Exco team by

appointing new Managing Directors

for each of these divisions.”

”

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

37

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

36

Performance and outlook

Financial performance

ESG Report

Shareholders information

Performance and outlook

About Raubex:

Managing Director in 2021.

Sandile was appointed Divisional: Managing

Managing Director

of Roadmac Surfacing. Effective

1 June 2022 Jaco assumed the

position as Divisional Managing

Director: Roads and Earthworks

Division on the retirement of Louis

Raubenheimer. Jaco is a registered

Pr.CM with SACPCMP.

Jaco van der Bijl (55)

Divisional: Managing

Managing Director:

Infrastructure Division

B.Eng Civil Engineering,

Pr.CM with SACPCMP, MBA

0

1 000

2 000

3 000

4 000

5 000

Feb ’23

Feb ’22

Feb ’21

Feb ’20

Feb ’19

2 844

3 549

4 514

2 748

2 134

29.5%

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

Feb ’23

Feb ’22

Feb ’21

Feb ’20

Feb ’19

52

375

515

178

94

40.4%

Revenue (R’m)

Operating profit (R’m)

Division’s contribution to the Group:

Division’s contribution to the Group:

0

1 000

2 000

3 000

4 000

5 000

Feb ’23

Feb ’22

Feb ’21

Feb ’20

Feb ’19

1 663

3 176

4 509

1 648

1 529

70.5%

29.5%

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

700

800

900

Feb ’23

Feb ’22

Feb ’21

Feb ’20

Feb ’19

61

466

839

136

126

65.8%

34.2%

 South Africa  International

Revenue (R’m)

Operating profit (R’m)

Division’s contribution to the Group:

Division’s contribution to the Group:

Revenue increased by 27.2% to

R4.51 billion (2022: R3.55 billion) and

operating profit increased 37.3% to

R515.2 million (2022: R375.3 million).

The division incurred

capital expenditure of

R214.7 million during the

year (2022: R93.0 million).

The operating profit

margin increased to

11.4% (2022: 10.6%).

The secured order book

was R7.58 billion (2022:

R4.63 billion)

at 28 February 2023.

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

47

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

46

Performance and outlook

Financial performance

ESG Report

Shareholders information

Performance and outlook

About Raubex:

Managing Director of

Raubex’s Infrastructure Division, assuming this position

effective 1 August 2022.

 Freddie Kenney, previous Chairman of the Board, decided not

to put himself forward for re-election at the AGM held on

5 August 2022 due to suffering two major personal tragedies

over the past 18 months. He tendered his resignation

effective 5 August 2022.

 Due to the fact that Rudolf Fourie was the former CEO of

Raubex and accordingly not considered independent, the

Board appointed Setshego Bogatsu as the Lead Independent

Director. Setshego has been an Independent Non-Executive

Director of the Company since 2017.

 Nosisa Fubu was appointed as an Independent Non-

Executive Director of the Board with effect from 6 December

2022.

Changes to the Board committees with effect from

16 August 2022 were as follows:

Audit Committee

 Les Maxwell had due to his appointment as Acting Chairman

of the Board, resigned as Chairman and member of the Audit

Committee.

 Bryan Kent, current member of the Audit Committee, had

been appointed as Acting Chairman of the Audit Committee.

Remuneration and Nomination Committee

 Les Maxwell had due to his appointment as Acting Chairman

of the Board, resigned as Chairman of the Remuneration and

Nomination Committee but remained a member of this

committee.

 Setshego Bogatsu, current member of the Remuneration and

Nomination Committee, had been appointed as Acting

Chairperson of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

Social and Ethics Committee

 Les Maxwell had been appointed as a member of the Social

and Ethics Committee.

Changes to the Board committees with effect from

6 December 2022 were as follows:

Audit Committee

 Bryan Kent stepped down as Acting Chairman of the Audit

Committee but remained a member of this committee.

 Les Maxwell was, due to him stepping down as Acting

Chairman of the Board, reappointed as the Chairman and

member of the Audit Committee.

Risk Committee

 Setshego Bogatsu was appointed as a member of the Risk

Committee.

Remuneration and Nomination Committee

 Setshego Bogatsu stepped down as Acting Chairperson of

the Remuneration and Nomination Committee but remained

a member of this committee.

 Les Maxwell was, due to him stepping down as Acting

Chairman of the Board, reappointed as the Chairman and

member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

Further changes to the Board committees with effect from

24 February 2023 were as follows:

Audit Committee

 Les Maxwell (Chairman) – passed away on 20 April 2023

 Bryan Kent (Member)

 Setshego Bogatsu (Member)

 Nosisa Fubu (Member– appointed subject to approval by

shareholders at the next AGM)

Risk Committee

 Setshego Bogatsu (resigned as a Member)

 Bryan Kent (Chairman)

 Robert Shedlock (Member)

 Felicia Msiza (Member)

 Les Maxwell (Member) – passed away on 20 April 2023

 Nosisa Fubu (appointed as a Member)

Remuneration and Nomination Committee

 Les Maxwell (Chairman) – passed away on 20 April 2023

 Bryan Kent (Member)

 Setshego Bogatsu (Member)

 Rudolf Fourie (appointed as a Member)

Social and Ethics Committee

 Setshego Bogatsu (Chairperson)

 Les Maxwell (resigned as Member)

 Charl van Schalkwyk (Member)

 Nosisa Fubu (appointed as a Member)

Effective 29 May 2023, the Board appointed Anna (Modi) Hlobo

as an Independent Non-Executive Director. Modi Hlobo, subject

to her appointment being approved by the shareholders at the

AGM, will become a member of the Audit and Risk Committees.

Changes to the Board committees with effect from 29 May

2023 were as follows:

Audit Committee

 Ms Modi Hlobo is appointed as a member of the Audit

Committee, subject to approval by shareholders of the

Company at the next AGM.

 Mr Bryan Kent is appointed as the Chairman of the Audit

Committee.

 Following above, the Audit Committee members will be as

follows:

– Bryan Kent (Chairman)

– Setshego Bogatsu (Member)

– Nosisa Fubu (Member)

– Modi Hlobo (Member).

Risk Committee

 Ms Modi Hlobo is appointed as a member of the Risk

Committee.

 Following implementation of above, the Risk Committee

members will be as follows:

– Bryan Kent (Chairman)

– Robert Shedlock (Member)

– Felicia Msiza (Member)

– Nosisa Fubu (Member)

– Modi Hlobo (Member)

Remuneration and Nomination Committee

 Ms Setshego Bogatsu is appointed as the Chairperson of

Remco.

 Ms Nosisa Fubu is appointed as a member of Remco.

 Following above, the Remco members will be as follows:

– Setshego Bogatsu (Chairperson)

– Bryan Kent (Member)

– Rudolf Fourie (Member)

– Nosisa Fubu (Member)

Share dealing by directors and prescribed officers

Raubex has a Board approved policy relating to share dealings

by directors, prescribed officers and other parties who have

comprehensive knowledge of the Group’s affairs. The policy

imposes closed periods to prohibit dealing in Raubex securities

before the announcement of interim and year-end financial

results or during any other period considered price-sensitive.

This complies with the requirements of the Financial Markets

Act, 19 of 2012 and the Listings Requirements in respect of

dealings by directors and prescribed officers. The Company

Secretary undertakes the administration required to ensure

compliance with this policy.

Governance CONTINUED

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

87

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

86

ESG Report

Financial performance

Shareholders information

About Raubex

ESG Report

Performance and outlook:

Managing Director – Infrastructure)

RL Shedlock (Commercial Executive)

D Rencken (Divisional: Managing

letter, starting from 1 March of the financial

year in which the grant was awarded. The peer group is comprised of Afrimat, Balwin, Calgro M3, PPC, Sephaku, Stefanutti Stocks and WBHO and is

unchanged from the prior year.

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

99

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

98

ESG Report

Financial performance

Shareholders information

About Raubex

ESG Report

Performance and outlook:

letter, terms, audit plan and budgeted fees

for the year ended 28 February 2023.

JSE accreditation of auditors

The Audit Committee confirms that, based on the amended requirements for the JSE accreditation of auditors effective 15 October

2017, the committee is satisfied that:

 the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. has met all the criteria stipulated in the JSE Listings Requirements, including that the

audit regulator has successfully completed a firm-wide independent quality control (ISQC 1) inspection on the audit firm during

its previous inspection cycle;

 the auditor has provided the Audit Committee with the required IRBA inspection decision letters, findings report and the proposed

remedial action to address the findings, both at the audit firm and the individual auditor levels; and

 both the audit firm and the engagement partner understand their roles and have the competence, expertise, experience and skills

required to discharge their specific audit and financial reporting responsibilities.

Auditor suitability

The Audit Committee met with the external auditor on 8 May 2023 in order to consider the suitability for reappointment of the current

audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. and the designated engagement partner, as contemplated in terms of paragraph 22.15(h)

of the JSE Listings Requirements. The committee considered the information in the document prepared and presented by the

external auditor for this purpose. In light of the above, the committee is satisfied to recommend to shareholders the reappointment

of the external auditor to act as independent auditor of the Company until its next annual general meeting. The committee is

satisfied to reappoint Mr L Rossouw as the engagement partner for the ensuing year.

Financial statements and accounting practices

The Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting policies and the Financial Statements of the Group and is satisfied that they are

appropriate and comply with International Financial Reporting Standards, the Companies Act, 71 of 2008, and the JSE Listings

Requirements.

The Audit Committee has also reviewed and considered the detailed findings and recommendations made in the JSE’s report back

on proactive monitoring of Financial Statements in 2022.

Internal financial controls

The Audit Committee has reviewed the process by which internal audit performs its assessment of the effectiveness of the Group’s

system of internal control, including internal financial controls. Nothing has come to the attention of the committee to indicate any

material breakdown in the Company’s system of internal financial control. The Audit Committee has further evaluated the Chief

Executive Officer and Financial Director responsibility statement on the Annual Financial Statements and internal financial controls

in terms of the JSE Listings Requirement 3.84(k).

Financial reporting procedures

The Audit Committee has reviewed the Group’s financial reporting procedures to ensure they are appropriate and are operating

effectively, this includes a consideration of all entities included in the consolidated Annual Financial Statements. The committee

further considered the Group’s access to the financial information of its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, which allow the

Group to effectively prepare the Financial Statements and deems this to be sufficient.

Duties assigned by the Board

In addition to the statutory duties of the Audit Committee, as reported above, the Board of Directors has determined further

functions for the Audit Committee to perform. These functions include the following:

Integrated reporting and combined assurance

The Audit Committee fulfils an oversight role regarding the Group’s integrated report and the reporting process and considers the

level of assurance coverage obtained from management, internal and external assurance providers in making its recommendation

to the Board.

Going concern

The Audit Committee reviews the going concern status of the Group at each meeting and makes recommendations to the Board.

Governance of risk

The Audit Committee fulfils an oversight role regarding financial reporting risks, internal financial controls and fraud risk as it relates

to financial reporting.

Internal audit

The Audit Committee is responsible for ensuring that the Group’s internal audit function is independent and has the necessary

resources, standing and authority within the Group to enable it to discharge its duties.

Evaluation of the expertise and experience of the Financial Director and finance function

The Audit Committee has satisfied itself that the Financial Director has appropriate expertise and experience.

The Audit Committee has considered, and has satisfied itself of the appropriateness of the expertise and adequacy of resources of

the finance function and experience of the senior members of management responsible for the financial function.

The Audit Committee has assessed and confirmed that the Group has established appropriate financial reporting procedures and

that the procedures are operating effectively.

Comment on key audit matters reported in the external audit report

In order to provide stakeholders with further insights into the key audit matters reported by the external auditors, the committee

wishes to elaborate on these important aspects as follows:

Accounting treatment of construction contracts

The Group has significant construction contracts within all its reporting segments consisting of Cost-plus, Re-measurable and Fixed

Price contracts. Recognising revenue on construction contracts is done in accordance with IFRS 15, where it is recognised over

time, is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable and includes variations and claims. Progress towards

the satisfaction of performance obligations is determined using an input method which measures the costs incurred to date in

relation to the total estimate cost of the contract.

This matter is considered material given the significant judgement involved in preparing suitable estimates of forecast costs and

profit margins on these contracts.

The committee assessed the methodology and judgements applied by management in terms of the accounting treatment of

construction contracts.

The committee has discussed the above mentioned matter with the external auditors to understand their related audit procedures

and evidence to support the judgements and calculations.

The committee concluded that the methodology and judgements applied by management are in accordance with IFRS.

BH Kent

Acting Chairman of the Audit Committee

9 May 2023

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

117

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

116

Financial performance

Shareholders information

About Raubex

Performance and outlook

Financial performance

ESG Report:

letter of representation, to be

submitted to Computershare. Dematerialised shareholders that do not wish to participate in the electronic AGM may provide their CSDP or broker

with their voting instructions. These shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

Terms used in this form of proxy have the meaning given to them in the notice of AGM to which this form of proxy is attached.

Please print clearly when completing this form and refer to the instructions and notes at the end of this form for an explanation of the use of this

proxy form and the rights of the shareholder and the proxy.

I/We

(name)

of

(address)

being a shareholder/shareholders of Raubex and entitled to

votes

do hereby appoint

or failing him/her,

or failing him/her, the Chairman of the AGM as my/our proxy to act for me/us at the AGM of the Company to be held on Friday, 28 July 2023 at 10:00

and at any adjournment thereof, by way of electronic communication (in accordance with section 63(2) of the Companies Act), and to vote for

me/us in respect of the undermentioned resolutions in accordance with the following instructions.

Number of votes

(one vote per share)

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution 1: Adoption of Annual Financial Statements

Ordinary resolution 2: Reappointment of external auditor

Ordinary resolutions number 3.1 and 3.2: Re-election of directors

3.1

BH Kent

3.2

SR Bogatsu

Ordinary resolution number 4: Confirmation of appointment of director (Nosisa Fubu)

Ordinary resolution number 5: Confirmation of appointment of director (Anna (Modi) Hlobo)

Ordinary resolutions number 6.1 to 6.4: Election of Audit Committee members

6.1

BH Kent

6.2

SR Bogatsu

6.3

N Fubu

6.4

AM Hlobo

Ordinary resolution number 7: Endorsement of Raubex Remuneration Policy

Ordinary resolution number 8: Endorsement of Raubex Remuneration Implementation Report

Ordinary resolution number 9: Directors’ authority to implement ordinary and special resolutions

Special resolution number 1: Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

Special resolution number 2: General authority to repurchase shares

Special resolution number 3: Financial assistance to related or inter-related company

Signed at

on

2023

Signature

Assisted by me

(where applicable – see note 8)

A shareholder qualified to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint a person to attend, speak and vote in his/her stead. A proxy holder need

not be a shareholder of the Company.

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

253

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

252

Shareholder’s information

Shareholders information

About Raubex

Performance and outlook

Financial performance

ESG Report:

Managing Director

merSETA

Manufacturing, Engineering and Related

Services SETA

MOI

Memorandum of Incorporation

MW

Megawatt

MWh

Megawatt hour

MWth

Megawatts thermal

Namdeb

Namdeb Diamond Corporation (Pty) Ltd

NAV

Net asset value

NAV per share

The net asset value of the Company

divided by the number of shares in issue,

after deducting treasury shares, at the

end of the year

NCRT

New Crumb Rubber Technology

NERSA

National Energy Regulator of South

Africa

NQA

Namibia Qualifications Authority

NUM

National Union of Mineworkers

NUMSA

National Union of Metalworkers of South

Africa

OHSAS

Occupational Health and Safety

Assessment Series

PE

Price earnings, market value per share

divided by HEPS

PGMs

Platinum Group Metals

PICC

Presidential Infrastructure Coordinating

Commission

POPIA

Protection of Personal Information Act

PPP

Public Private Partnership

Profit before tax

Profit before income tax as reported in

terms of IFRS

Pty

Proprietary

PV

Photovoltaic

PwC

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc.

Q

Quarter

RAP

Reclaimed Asphalt Pavement

REIPPPP

Renewable Energy Independent Power

Producer Procurement Programme

Remco

Remuneration and Nomination

Committee

rHDPE

Recycled high-density polyethylene

RMS

Roadmac Surfacing

ROICE

Return on Invested Capital Employed

ROU

Right of Use

SABITA

South African Bitumen Association

SABS

South African Bureau of Standards

SANAS

South African National Accreditation

System

SANRAL

South African National Roads Agency

SOC Ltd

SANS

South African National Standards

SAPS

South African Police Service

SARMA

South African Ready-mix Association

SDGs

Sustainable Development Goals

SENS

Stock Exchange News Service

SETA

Sector Education and Training Authority

SHEQ

Safety, Health, Environment and Quality

SIP

Strategic Integrated Project

SLP

Social and Labour Plan

SOE

State-owned enterprise

South Africa

The Republic of South Africa

TCFD

Task Force on Climate-related Financial

Disclosures

the Board

The Board of Directors of Raubex

the current year

The financial year ended 28 February

2023

the next year

The financial year ending 28 February

2024

the previous year

The financial year ended 28 February

2022

TRAC

Trans African Concessions

UIF

Unemployment Insurance Fund

UN

United Nations

UPS

Uninterruptible Power System

V

Volt

Vanadium

Resources

Vanadium Resources Ltd

VRP

Voluntary Rebuilding Programme

W

Watt

WBCSD

World Business Council for Sustainable

Development

WMA

Warm Mix Asphalt

WRI

World Resource Institute

General information

Nature of business

Diversified construction and materials supply group

Directors

RJ Fourie (Non-Executive Chairman)

NF Msiza (Chief Executive Officer)

SJ Odendaal (Financial Director)

DC Lourens (Chief Operating Officer)

SR Bogatsu (Lead Independent Non-Executive Director)

N Fubu (Independent Non-Executive Director)

AM Hlobo (Independent Non-Executive Director)

BH Kent (Independent Non-Executive Director)

Company Secretary

GM Chemaly

Registration number

2006/023666/06

Share code

RBX

ISIN

ZAE000093183

Registered office

Building 1

Highgrove Office Park

50 Tegel Avenue

Centurion

0169

Business address

Cleveley

Kenneth Kaunda Road Extension

Bloemfontein

South Africa

9300

Postal address

PO Box 3722

Bloemfontein

South Africa

9300

Telephone number

+27 (0)51 406 2000

Website

www.raubex.com

Sponsor

Investec Bank Limited

100 Grayston Drive, Sandown, Sandton, 2196

Auditors

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc

Transfer Secretaries

Computershare Investor Services (Pty) Ltd

Rosebank Towers

15 Biermann Avenue

Rosebank

2196

(Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132)

Investor Relations

investor.relations@raubex.com

Raubex | Integrated Report 2023

256

Shareholder’s information

Shareholders information

About Raubex

Performance and outlook

Financial performance

ESG Report:

