letter and formally confirm its independence

to the Audit Committee, subject to shareholder approval and the

Audit Committee’s assessment of information to be provided by

KPMG in terms of the Listings Requirements, in accordance with the

Audit Committee’s normal 2024 workplan.

Key accounting matters

The Audit Committee considered, among other matters, the

treatment of the following key accounting matter in the preparation

of the Consolidated AFS:

> Impairment of goodwill

> The exercise of a put option on Lumika Renewables and the

resulting deconsolidation of Terra Firma Solutions

> The conclusion of the business rescue process and the disposal

of the Group’s 50% interest in CBi-Electric: Telecom Cables

> The calculation of expected credit losses and impairment of

financial assets relating to loan and lease receivables within the

ICT Segment, specifically within Quince and Nashua franchises

> Impairment valuations and fair value assessments

> Recognition and classification of financial liabilities relating to

the new Reunert Group funding arrangement

The Audit Committee also considered the impact of local and global

macro-economic risks, South Africa’s deteriorating credit environment

and geopolitical instability on the financial statements. The committee

focused on the uncertainties created and the impact on estimates,

judgments and related disclosures. The committee concluded that

both the impact of the above and its own areas of special focus had

been appropriately addressed in the Annual Financial Statements

(AFS). For more refer to the Audit Committee report on pages 7 to 10

of the Extracted AFS.

The committee reviewed the detailed findings of the JSE monitoring

panel issued in November 2022 and November 2023 and where

applicable these findings were considered in the preparation of the

2023 financial results.

The committee has reviewed a management assessment of the

going concern premise of the Group and Reunert Limited. Based on

the known facts and circumstances, management and the committee

determined that there is no material uncertainty that casts significant

doubt upon the Group’s and Reunert’s ability to continue as a going

concern. The committee recommended to the Board that the Group

and Reunert Limited will be a going concern for the foreseeable future.

Finance expertise

The committee has considered and satisfied itself with the

appropriateness of the expertise and experience of the Group CFO.

The committee also considered and satisfied itself with the

appropriateness of the expertise and adequacy of resources of the

Group’s finance function, and the experience of the senior members

of management responsible for the financial function.

Assurance providers

As recommended by King IV, the committee met separately with

each of the following: external auditors, internal auditors and

management to facilitate and exchange of views on matters that may

not be suitable for discussion in a wider forum. No matters of concern

were raised that negatively affects the Group’s financial reporting.

Conclusion

The Audit Committee is satisfied that it has complied with all its

statutory and other responsibilities related to all material risks and

factors that may impact the integrity of the AFS. The committee was

satisfied that the 2023 Integrated Report is fair, balanced and

understandable and provides the necessary information for

shareholders to assess the Group’s position, performance and strategy.

Following its review, the committee recommended the 2023 Integrated

Report and the AFS of Reunert Limited for approval to the Board. The

Board approved the Integrated Report and the AFS.

Pierre Fourie

Chair, Audit Committee:

