Message from the Chairman

9

WBHO at a glance

10 What differentiates WBHO

12 Value creating business model

15 Material issues and operating context

25 Engaging and creating value for

stakeholders

26 Stakeholders relationships

27 Significant stakeholder engagement

30 Value-added statement

31 Strategic objectives

40 Risk management

1

2

3

HOW WE PROTECT VALUE

THE VALUE WE HAVE DELIVERED

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION

5

4

6

69 Message from the Lead

Independent Director

70 Board of Directors

72 Governance report

74 Message from the Audit

Committee Chairman

75 Audit Committee report

78 Message from the Remuneration

Committee Chairman

79 Remuneration Committee report

80 Remuneration and Implementation

report

44 Message from the CEO

48

Operational reports

58 Order book and outlook

62 Message from the CFO

90 Reference information

90 Shareholders’ diary

90 Statutory information

INTEGRATED REPORT 2023

UNDERSTANDING

WHO WE ARE

EXPLORING

WHAT WE DO

THE CONTEXT WE

OPERATE IN

THE VALUE WE

HAVE DELIVERED

HOW WE PROTECT

VALUE

SUPPLEMENTARY

INFORMATION

2:

Message from the Chairman

9

WBHO at a glance

10

What differentiates WBHO

INTEGRATED REPORT 2023

UNDERSTANDING

WHO WE ARE

EXPLORING

WHAT WE DO

THE CONTEXT WE

OPERATE IN

THE VALUE WE

HAVE DELIVERED

HOW WE PROTECT

VALUE

SUPPLEMENTARY

INFORMATION

3:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN continued

BLACK ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT AND LOCALISATION

Transformation in South Africa is an economic and social imperative

that WBHO has championed beyond compliance. We embrace the

Construction Charter, and the seven pillars that underpin it, as it

expresses a holistic approach to achieve broad-based transformation

and places a responsibility on the industry to build a more

equal society.

In the recently published third edition of the Sanlam Transformation

Gauge Report — a comprehensive, sector-focused research report that

measures economic transformation in South Africa — the construction

industry has shown consistent improvements in its ratings. Currently,

the industry achieved the highest overall score of 97.93 points and

improved its collective B-BBEE recognition status from a Level 3 to a

Level 2 with all listed entities achieving Level 1 status.

However, despite this progress, numerous challenges still need

addressing, with employment equity being a primary concern.

One of the inherent barriers to improving this element of the scorecard,

is the timeframe necessary for individuals to grow from a graduate

engineer to a fully equipped construction manager, which in our

experience we estimate to be at least 10 to 15 years.

Generational change is inevitable, over the last decade we have

witnessed qualified engineers and professionals from previously

disadvantaged backgrounds advancing through middle management

levels into senior management roles. As the years progress, this trend

will continue to accelerate. We are optimistic that this will bring about

greater diversity in the medium to long term, aligning with sectoral

goals and targets. One concern however is the dwindling interest in

civil engineering as a career for our youth.

The introduction of new procurement regulations has brought about

significant challenges for many construction companies. The revised

policies have lessened the focus on the B-BBEE scorecard, with

municipalities and state-owned enterprises now able to create their

own specific criteria for preference points during tender adjudications.

INTEGRATED REPORT 2023

UNDERSTANDING

WHO WE ARE

EXPLORING

WHAT WE DO

THE CONTEXT WE

OPERATE IN

THE VALUE WE

HAVE DELIVERED

HOW WE PROTECT

VALUE

SUPPLEMENTARY

INFORMATION

7:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN continued

INTEGRATED REPORT 2023

UNDERSTANDING

WHO WE ARE

EXPLORING

WHAT WE DO

THE CONTEXT WE

OPERATE IN

THE VALUE WE

HAVE DELIVERED

HOW WE PROTECT

VALUE

SUPPLEMENTARY

INFORMATION

8:

Dear shareholders,

I am pleased to present the Audit Committee report

for the 2023 financial year. In addition to fulfilling

the statutory and other duties and responsibilities

conferred upon us, we closely monitored the material

financial risks confronted by the Group. The most

prominent risks considered by the committee were

the finalisation of the Group’s exit from Australia,

the associated effect on liquidity as obligations were

settled, adherence to covenants within all lending

agreements, the impact of the significant growth

achieved this year on the financial position of the

Group and the appointment of new auditors for the

year ending 30 June 2024. To this end the Committee

gave appropriate attention to the working capital cycle

and available asset finance and guarantee facilities

while also enquiring of any material loss-making

contracts.

Later in the report, we provide details of how the committee satisfied

its various statutory obligations during the year, how it assessed

the effectiveness of the internal auditors and the appointment,

independence and effectiveness of the external auditors. The report

also reflects on significant matters that arose in the year and how

the committee addressed those.

In addition, we obtained confirmation from the internal auditors on the

resolution of all medium- and high-risk findings within their reports.

The number of projects achieving satisfactory or better internal audit

reports decreased slightly from 78% of projects audited to 67%. Of the

projects audited, 33% required improvement over certain controls.

The deterioration in the number of projects achieving a satisfactory

or better result has been attributed to the growth delivered, and

management has acted swiftly to ensure any deficiencies in the

internal control environment on these projects have been remedied.

Follow-up audits were conducted in respect of most projects in this

category and these subsequent audits concluded that all control

weaknesses were successfully addressed. There were no projects

reported to have a weak control environment. The controls over site

assets, procurement procedures not followed and overtime remain

the three main areas that are consistently identified as not being fully

complied with on projects. Management continues to engage with site

personnel in order to make the necessary improvements.

Each year we evaluate the suitability of the expertise and experience

of the Chief Financial Officer, review the expertise, resources and

experience of the finance function as a whole while also obtaining

regular independent reports on the appropriateness and effectiveness

of the Group’s internal control environment from the internal and

external auditors. As a committee, we are able to confirm that the

financial processes and controls of the Group are sufficiently robust

to ensure the integrity of WBHO’s financial reporting.

The committee will continue to operate within its mandate and

address all regular matters reserved for its consideration in

FY2024 as well as giving specific focus to the following areas:

• Closely monitor and assess the performance of recently

awarded large-scale projects

• Monitoring the performance of the broader operations of the

Group in light of the substantial increase in order book levels

and the volume of work to be executed

• Continue to monitor and assess the liquidity and working

capital position of the Group

Lastly, I would like to thank my fellow committee members for

their contribution and support this year as well as to commend

Charles Henwood, the Chief Financial Officer, and his finance

team for their role in managing a challenging but successful exit

from Australia as well as their role in the Group’s remarkable

performance in FY2023. In the year ahead, I look forward to

reporting back to stakeholders on the further progress we hope

to have made in re-strengthening the business and delivering

value for our stakeholders.

Cobus Bester

Audit Committee Chairman

74:

Dear shareholders,

Following the significant financial impact of

the exit from Australia last year, the Group

recovered well in the 2023 financial year,

boosted by an impressive contribution from

the African operations. The strength of the

recovery was reflected in the growth in profits

delivered and an increase in cash generated

from operations. Furthermore, the outlook

for the Group is promising. New awards from

the public sector supplemented a strong order

intake throughout the year, resulting in a strong

order book of secured work. The committee

was extremely pleased to approve increases

above the prevailing inflation rate for the

majority of our operations in the current period.

The objective behind this increase was to

recognise and reward the efforts of our staff

and provide some financial support in what have

been difficult times for many.

The overarching responsibility of the Remuneration Committee is to

ensure that the principles of accountability, transparency and good

governance are followed in respect of all remuneration-related matters

across WBHO. The committee ensures that WBHO has the appropriate

remuneration policies and practices in place to attract, motivate and

retain the right talent, especially at executive and operational level,

and to ensure that there is an appropriate link between executive

remuneration and the Group’s performance against its strategic

objectives. The committee also annually reviews the skills profile of the

Group and its leadership team as well as undertakes annual evaluations

of the performance of the executive directors and management.

During the year the composition of the committee changed following

the resignation of Savannah Maziya. Cobus Bester, chair of the Audit

Committee joined the committee in Ms Maziya’s place.

At our last AGM, 53,23% of shareholders voted against the

Implementation Report presented for the prior year. The primary reason

given was the deviation by the committee from the calculations provided

for in the Remuneration policy and the award of discretionary bonuses

to executive directors.

The committee considered the concerns raised by the shareholders

and undertook a thorough review of the Remuneration policy to

determine if there was a need for any amendments. Following a number

of robust discussions between the committee members, it was decided

to leave the Remuneration policy unchanged insofar as it relates to

executive pay.

In June 2023, a new broad-based employee incentive scheme (Akani 2)

was introduced for FY2023 and replaces the previous Akani scheme,

full details of Akani 2 can be found in the annual financial statements.

The positive results achieved by the Group this year resulted in the

stretch targets for both short- and long-term incentives being met for

all financial KPIs, with the exception of Total Shareholder Return.

In FY2023, the Remuneration Committee specifically focused on:

• Comparing the total pay of the Group executives against available

data within the South African construction sector;

• Assessing the mix between guaranteed pay and variable pay for the

executives to establish if it remains relevant;

• Elected to award bonuses in accordance with the Remuneration

policy for the 2023 financial year after:

– Assessing the Group and divisional operating performances;

– Applying the remuneration strategy and the principle of fairness

to all employees;

– Assessing the statement of financial position, cash generation

and cash balances, giving due consideration to the effect of

the Australian exit and the current mix of projects on future

cash flows.

– Assessing the sustainability of WBHO;

– Evaluating the executive personal scorecards;

• Reviewing the 2023 short-term incentive targets, taking into

consideration the reasonableness thereof and ensuring a suitable

stretch target. The review resulted in no changes being made to

the 2023 short-term incentive metrics;

• Discussing the succession plan for the position of CFO and the

possible resultant changes that would flow within the Finance

department;

• Approval of additional retention initiatives aimed at key members

of staff across various management levels comprising:

– Salary adjustments

– Retention bonuses

– Phantom shares

• Reviewing the method of calculation for ROCE and TSR for

long-term incentives;

• Monitoring remuneration practices within the Group, ensuring

alignment with the requirements of the Remuneration policy;

• Reviewing the annual Remuneration and Implementation report

disclosed in this Integrated Report;

• Ensuring that executive remuneration packages are effective in

delivering WBHO’s strategy and promote behaviour that is aligned

with shareholder interests;

• Ensuring a safe and stimulating work environment for employees;

and

• Ongoing review and assessment of gender equality within the

organisation.

APPRECIATION

I would like to thank Savannah Maziya and my colleagues on the

committee for their assistance this year in delivering upon our

important responsibilities and for striving for progressive remuneration

policies and practices. I extend my thanks also to the executive team

for their dedication and hard work over the year.

Hatla Ntene

Remuneration Committee Chairperson

78:

