letter dated 30t July, 2020 wherein it was informed that the Annual General

Meeting (AGM) of the Company is scheduled to be held on 3rd September, 2020.

In terms of Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, we are submitting herewith Annual Report of the Company including the Business Responsibility

Report for the financial year 2019-20 and the Notice of AGM.

The Annual Report for the financial year 2019-20 including Notice of AGM is being sent to the

shareholders electronically who have registered their email IDs. The same is also available on the

Company's website at www.dabur.com.

Brief details of AGM are as under:

Date & Time

3rd September, 2020; 3.00 p.m. 1ST

Mode

Video Conference / Other Audio-Visual Means

Cut-off date

27th August, 2020

e-voting start date & time

31st August, 2020, 9.00 a.m. 1ST

e-voting end date & time

2nd September, 2020, 5.00 p.m. 1ST

Website for e-voting

https://evotinR.karvy.*cbm/

Website for attending the AGM

https://emeetings.kfintech.com/

Thanking you.

Yours faithfully

For DABUR INDIA LIMITED

\

(A

Jai

E V P (FiHance) & Company Secretary

^

DABUR INDIA LIMFTED, Punjabi Bhawan. 10, Rouse Avenue, New Delhl-110 002. Tel.: +91 11 71206000 Fax: +91 11 23222051

Regd. Office: 8/3. AsafAII Road, New.Delhl -110 002 (India)

PAN: AAACD0474C, CIN: L24230DL1975PLC007908, Email: corpcomm@mall.dabur, Webslte: www.dabur.com:

Dear shareholders,

Let me begin by wishing you good health and safety in

these troubled times. I sincerely hope you stay safe and

protected from COVID.

My heart goes out to the families and friends of all those

people whose lives have been impacted by the pandemic.

I would also like to take this opportunity to show my

immense gratitude to all our frontline heroes – police

personnel, doctors, health workers and sanitation

workers – for their efforts in keeping us safe.

Dabur has also been at the forefront by lending a helping

hand in the fight against the disease by supporting various

national and local institutions and the central and state

governments. The Dabur Group has committed ` 21 crore

towards these relief measures. Details of our COVID relief

initiatives have been provided in this report.

With the COVID pandemic impacting economies, lives

and livelihood all over the world, the Company’s sales

and profits were also impacted during last quarter of the

financial year. Despite the COVID impact, Dabur ended

FY 2019-20 with a 2% growth in Revenue from Operations

at ` 8,704 Crore. Net Profit for the full year stood at

` 1,445 Crore, reflecting a similar level as last year.

Excluding exceptional items, Net Profit for the year

marked a growth of 5.8%.

Before the CoronaVirus outbreak, Dabur was on track

to deliver a strong operating performance on the back

of Power Brand strategy, aggressive brand-building and

distribution enhancement initiatives. The year saw Dabur

progress on its growth strategy by investing heavily behind

the nine identified Power Brands, majority of which fall

in the strategically important health care domain. The

strategy paid off with these brands reporting good growth

during the year and gaining market share in their respective

categories. Details of the Power Brand strategy are

presented in the following sections of this report.

We also continued to expand our distribution footprint,

particularly in the hinterland, taking up our village

coverage to 52,000 villages by the end of March 2020 as

against 44,000 villages in March 2019. Our direct retail

coverage has also increased from 1.1 million outlets to

1.2 million outlets during the year. With the lockdown

restrictions easing now, we are continuing our strategy

of distribution expansion and plan to increase the village

network to 60,000 villages by the end of the current

financial year, besides increasing the direct coverage to

1.5 million outlets over the next 2 to 3 years.

Our International business was on track of strong growth

before it was impacted by COVID-19. In addition to this

crisis, macro-economic slowdown driven by declining oil

prices further started to impact our business particularly in

the MENA region. We successfully mitigated the impact

with a series of localised measures and initiatives and

ended the year with strong gains in market shares across

most categories. Our International Business reported

growth of 4.9% during FY 2019-20. We will continue to

leverage our global presence, natural heritage,

consumer-relevant innovations and unmatched product

portfolio to generate strong profitable growth in our

international business.

Our brand portfolio, which

includes 18 brands with

more than one billion

rupees in Revenue,

remains unmatched in the

FMCg industry.:

letter ‘O’ to signify the better protection that Odomos

offers against mosquitoes carrying deadly diseases

like

Dengue,

Chikungunya,

Malaria,

Filaria

and

Encephalitis etc.

The brand rolled out initiatives to drive awareness

about mosquito protection outside home with its tagline

‘Odomos nahi pehna to ghar pe rehna’. Special digital

campaigns were also launched to promote Odomos

Spray this year.

Key Highlights for FY 2019-20:

In a major initiative launched in schools this

year, the brand appointed Odomos Captains in

classes to spread the message about prevention

of

mosquito-borne

diseases.

Children

were

educated about stagnant water being a breeding

ground for mosquitoes and the steps they can

take to prevent mosquito breeding in their schools

and neighborhood.

A digital communication ‘Kids Vs Mosquito Rap

Battle’ was launched by Odomos to promote

Odomos spray. We used the rap battle music

format to appeal to the brand’s target group. This

enabled us to put forth the message of ‘Odomos

nahi pehna to ghar pe rehna’ in an entertaining

way. The film garnered 10 million views on digital

media. Extending this campaign further, the

brand reached out to kids on Instagram and

asked them to shoot their own videos with the

Odomos Rap.

A mega ‘Making India Dengue Free’ campaign

was rolled out, under which Odomos reached

out to over 10 lakh people across the country,

educating them about prevention from mosquito

bites and distributing free samples of Odomos

mosquito repellant creams to protect themselves

from dengue-causing mosquitoes during the

Monsoon season.

Odomos won two Effies bronze awards in ‘Integrated

advertising Campaign’ and ‘Products’ categories

for its ‘Odomos nahi pehna to ghar pe rehna’

campaign for making Odomos an essential part

of school uniform that in-turn initiated a behavior

change in the mosquito repellent category.

Sanifresh: Dabur markets toilet cleaning products

under the brand Sanifresh. The company launched a

150ml pack of the brand targeting rural markets. This

` 20 pack, which will last for over a month in single

toilet households, is being marketed as value pack in

rural India where demand for branded toilet cleaning

products is on the rise in the wake of the government’s

Swachh Bharat Mission.

The brand has joined hands with Ghaziabad Nagar

Nigam for the Swacchta Sarvekshan under the Swachh

Bharat Mission. As part of this programme, the brand

has adopted Sulabh public toilets in Ghaziabad and

is helping the government in regular maintenance of

these toilets.

Home Hygiene Products: Healthy lifestyle habits are

becoming a normal way of life in India now with

consumers now cleaning and disinfecting high-contact

surfaces inside their homes regularly to lower the risk

of infection. This increasing awareness about hygiene

and change in lifestyle is likely to positively impact the

growth of the market in the years to come.

Key Highlights for FY 2019-20:

Dabur entered this market with the launch of

Air Sanitisers under the Odonil and Dabur

Sanitize brands. Dabur pioneered the air sanitizer

category in India with the launch of an air

freshener with air sanitisation benefits to fight

air-borne germs.

Dabur also entered the all-surface disinfectant

spray market with the launch of a Multi-

Surface Sanitiser under the Dabur Sanitize and

Dazzl brands.

Another new launch in the category was the multi-

purpose Surface Cleaner liquid with germ-kill

properties under the Dazzl brand.:

letter is available in

the `Investor` Section of the Company`s website www.dabur.com

Reminders to shareholders: Reminders for claiming unclaimed

shares lying with the Company which are liable to be transferred

to the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority are sent

to the shareholders as per Company records.

NEAPS (NSE Electronic Application Processing System) and

BSE Listing centre: NSE and BSE have developed web based

applications for corporates. All compliances like Financial Results,

Shareholding Pattern and Corporate Governance Report, etc. are

filed electronically on NEAPS/ BSE Listing centre.

SCORES (SEBI complaints redressal system): SEBI processes

investor complaints in a centralized web based complaints

redressal system i.e. SCORES. Through this system a shareholder

can lodge complaint against a Company for his grievance. The

Company uploads the action taken on the complaint which can

be viewed by the shareholder. The Company and shareholder can

seek and provide clarifications online through SEBI.:

letter duly

signed by all the joint holders furnishing their complete postal

address along with PIN code, self-attested copies of PAN card

& proof of address, and for delivery of shares in demat form-a

copy of Demat Account-Client Master Report duly certified by

the Depository Participant (DP) and a recent Demat Account

Statement, to enable the Company to release the said shares to

the rightful owner.

The status of equity shares lying in the unclaimed suspense

account is given below::

letter dated 03 June, 2019.

2. We have examined the compliance of conditions of corporate

governance by Dabur India Limited (‘the Company’) for the

year ended on 31 March 2020, as stipulated in Regulations

17 to 27, Clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2), and

paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’).

Management’s Responsibility

3. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the

responsibility of the management. This responsibility includes

the designing, implementing and maintaining operating

effectiveness of internal control to ensure compliance with

the conditions of corporate governance as stipulated in the

Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4. Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, our

responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance in the

form of an opinion as to whether the Company has complied

with the conditions of corporate governance as stated in

paragraph 2 above. Our responsibility is limited to examining

the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the

Company for ensuring the compliance with the conditions of

corporate governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression

of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5. We have examined the relevant records of the Company in

accordance with the applicable generally accepted auditing

standards in India, the Guidance Note on Certification of

Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India (‘ICAI’), and Guidance Note on Reports

or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) issued

by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical

requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

6. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements

of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical

Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related

Services Engagements.

Opinion

7. Based on the procedures performed by us and to the

best of our information and according to the explanations

provided to us, in our opinion, the Company has complied,

in all material respects, with the conditions of corporate

governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations during

the year ended 31 March 2020.

8. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

9. This certificate is issued solely for the purpose of complying

with the aforesaid regulations and may not be suitable for

any other purpose.

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

anupam kumar

Partner

Place : New Delhi

Membership No. 501531

Date :27 May, 2020

UDIN: 20501531AAAACT6955:

Managing Director or Whole

Time Director or Nominee Director;

3. Should neither be nor have been a Promoter of the Company

or its holding, subsidiary or associate company or member of

the promoter group of the Company;

4. Should not be related to Promoters or Directors in the

Company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company;

5. Apart from receiving sitting fees, should have or had no

pecuniary relationship other than remuneration as such:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-A and forms an integral part of this report.

(ii) Due to restricted movement amid COVID-19 pandemic, we conducted the secretarial audit by examining the Secretarial Records

including Minutes, Documents, Registers and other records etc., and some of them received by way of electronic mode from the

Company and could not be verified from the original records. The management has confirmed that the records submitted to us

are the true and correct.

(iii) This Report is limited to the Statutory Compliances on laws / regulations / guidelines listed in our report which have been

complied by the Company up to the date of this Report pertaining to Financial Year 2019-2020. We are not commenting on the

Statutory Compliances whose due dates are extended by Regulators from time to time due to COVID-19 or still there is time line

to comply with such compliances.

annexure-a to the secretarial audit Report

4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited

to the verification of procedures on the random test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

For Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

Rupesh agarwal

Managing Partner

Membership No. A16302

Place : New Delhi

Certificate of Practice No. 5673

Date : 21 May, 2020

UDIN: A016302B000263043:

letter etc., together with attested

specimen signature(s) of the duly authorized representative(s),

to the Company at investors@dabur.com to attend the AGM.

6.

In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and SEBI

Circular dated May 12, 2020, Notice of the AGM along with the

Annual Report 2019-20 is being sent only through electronic

mode to those Members whose email addresses are registered

with the Company/ Depositories. The Notice of 45th AGM and the

Annual Report 2019-20 will also be available on the Company’s

website www.dabur.com, websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e.

BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at

www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively, and

on the website of RTA- KFin Technologies Pvt. Ltd. (“KFin”)

(earlier Karvy Fintech Pvt. Ltd.) at https://evoting.karvy.com or

https://emeetings.kfintech.com/. Shareholders are requested to

follow the process as guided below to enable the Company to

capture the email address and mobile number for sending the

soft copy of the notice and e-voting instructions along with the

User ID and Password.:

letter mentioning your

Name, Folio Number, Share certificate number, complete

address, email address and mobile number, and

■

scanned copy of self-attested PAN card

Demat Holding: Members holding shares in dematerialized

mode are requested to register / update their email

addresses with their relevant Depository Participant.

Alternatively, (for temporary registration for forthcoming

45th AGM only) member may follow the process mentioned

above under- Physical Holding and send 16 digit DPID

& Client ID in place of Folio No. along with scanned copy

of self-attested Client Master copy or consolidated Demat

Account Statement.

In case of any queries / difficulties in registering the e-mail

address, Members may write to investors@dabur.com or

einward.ris@kfintech.com.

7. The Share Transfer Books and Register of Members of the

Company will remain closed from Monday, 17th August,

2020 to Friday, 21st August, 2020 (both days inclusive).

8. A) Kindly note that as per Listing Regulations it is mandatory

for the company to print the bank account details of the

investors in dividend payment instrument. Hence, you are

requested to register/update your correct bank account

details with the Company/RTA/Depository Participant, as

the case may be.

B) Shareholders are requested to follow the process as

guided below to register their mandate for receiving

Dividend directly in their Bank accounts.

Physical Holding: Members may send following details /

documents by email to the Company at investors@dabur.

com or to its RTA at einward.ris@kfintech.com

■

scanned copy of duly filled and signed request: letter (ECS

Mandate, which is also available on Company`s website

at www.dabur.com under `Shareholder Services` in

the `Investor` section) which shall contain Member`s

Name, Folio Number, Address registered with Company,

Bank Details (Bank name, Branch, Address, Account No.,

Account Type, MICR No., IFSC Code)

■

scanned copy of self-attested PAN card

■

scanned copy of self-attested address proof (such

as Driving License, Bank Statement, Election Card,

Passport, AADHAR Card) in support of address registered

with Company.

■

scanned copy of self-attested cancelled cheque bearing

name of member or first holder in case shares are in joint

name. In case the cancelled cheque leaf does not bear

your name, please attach a self-attested copy of your

bank pass-book statement page which bears your name.

Demat Holding: Members holding shares in dematerialized

mode are requested to register / update their Bank details

with their Depository Participant.

C. Kindly note that as per MCA circular dated May 5,

2020, with respect to payment of dividend, in case

of shareholders whose bank accounts details are not

available, Company shall upon normalization of the

postal services, dispatch the dividend warrant/ cheque

to such shareholder by post.

9. Pursuant to Finance Act 2020, dividend income will be

taxable in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. April 1, 2020

and the Company is required to deduct tax at source from

dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed rates. For the

prescribed rates for various categories, the shareholders are

requested to refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and amendments

thereof. The shareholders are requested to update their PAN

with the Company/ RTA (in case of shares held in physical

mode) and depositories (in case of shares held in demat

mode). A Resident individual shareholder with PAN and who is

not liable to pay income tax can submit a yearly declaration in

Form No. 15G/15H, to avail the benefit of non-deduction of tax

at source by email to the Company at investors@dabur.com

or to its RTA at einward.ris@kfintech.com by 24th August,

2020. Shareholders are requested to note that in case their

PAN is not registered, the tax will be deducted at a higher rate

of 20%. Non-resident shareholders can avail beneficial rates

under tax treaty between India and their country of residence,

subject to providing necessary documents i.e. No Permanent

Establishment and Beneficial Ownership Declaration, Tax

Residency Certificate, Form 10F, any other document which

may be required to avail the tax treaty benefits by sending an

email to the Company or its RTA at email address mentioned

above. The aforesaid declarations and documents need to be

submitted by the shareholders latest by August 24, 2020.

Full details in this regard are available on the website of the

Company at www.dabur.com under `Shareholder Services` in

the `Investor` section.

10. All dividends remaining unclaimed and unpaid for a period of

seven years from the date it is lying in the unpaid dividend

account, is required to be transferred to the Investor Education

and Protection Fund (IEPF) of the Central Government.

Accordingly, till date the Company has transferred to IEPF

the unclaimed and unpaid amount pertaining to dividends

declared up to the financial year 2012-13 (only interim for

FY 2012-13). Members who have not yet en-cashed their

dividend warrants for the financial year 2012-13 (final

dividend) onwards are requested to make their claims to the

Company immediately. Members may please note that no

claim shall lie against the Company in respect of dividend

which remain unclaimed and unpaid for a period of seven

Letter, etc., together

with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorized representative(s), to the Scrutinizer at

e-mail id: info@navneetaroracs.com with a copy

to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of

the above mentioned documents should be in the

naming format “Corporate Name EVENT NO.”

m) Once the vote on a resolution is casted by a

Member, the Member shall not be allowed to change

it subsequently. Further, the Members who have

casted their vote through remote e-voting shall

not be allowed to vote again at the Meeting.

n) In case of any query pertaining to e-voting, please

contact KFin`s toll free no. 1-800-3454-001 or

visit the FAQ’s section available at KFin’s website

https://evoting.karvy.com.

o) In case of grievances connected to the remote

e-voting, please contact Mr. Ravuri Vijay, Deputy

Manager at KFin Technologies Private Limited,

Selenium Building, Tower B, Plot 31&32, Gachibowli,

Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally

Mandal, Hyderabad – 500032 at email id einward.

ris@kfintech.com, contact no. - 040-6716 2222.

19. Attending the AGM through VC / OAVM

The Company will be providing VC/AOVM facility to enable

the members to attend the AGM. Members who are entitled

to participate in the AGM can attend the AGM or view the

live webcast of AGM by logging on to the website of KFin

at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/ by using their remote

e-voting credentials.

a) Members are requested to follow the procedure given

below:

i. Launch internet browser (chrome/firefox/safari) by

typing the URL: https:// emeetings.kfintech.com

ii. Enter the login credentials (i.e., User ID and password

for e-voting).

iii. After logging in, click on “Video Conference” option

iv. Then click on camera icon appearing against AGM

event of Dabur India Limited, to attend the Meeting.

b) Members who do not have User ID and Password for

e-voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may

retrieve the same by following the procedure given in the

E-voting instructions.

c) Members are advised to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN

connection to ensure smooth participation at the AGM.

Participants may experience audio/video loss due to

fluctuation in their respective networks.

d) Members who would like to express their views or ask

questions during the AGM may register themselves

by logging on to https://emeetings.kfintech. com and

clicking on the ‘Speaker Registration’ option available

on the screen after log in. The Speaker Registration will

be open from 27/8/2020 (9:00 a.m. IST) to 29/8/2020

(5:00 p.m. IST). Only those members who are registered

will be allowed to express their views or ask questions.

The Company reserves the right to restrict the number

of questions and number of speakers, depending upon

availability of time as appropriate for smooth conduct of

the AGM.

e) The Members can join the AGM 15 minutes before and after

the scheduled time of the commencement of the Meeting

by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice.

a. Upto 1000 Members will be allowed to attend the AGM

through VC / OAVM on first come, first served basis.

b. No restrictions on account of First come first served

basis entry into AGM will be applicable to large

shareholders (shareholders holding 2% or more

shareholding),

Promoters,

Institutional

Investors,

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons

of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee,

Auditors etc.

c. Members under the category of Institutional Investors

are encouraged to attend and vote at the AGM.:

