Managing Director

Chairman’s Statement

Mr. Sanjiv Mehta

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjiv Mehta

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Financial

Officer speak directly to shareholders at

investor meetings on a broad range of

strategic imperatives of the business.

Considerations and outcomes

Shareholder

feedback

–

around

our

strategy, product portfolio, merger and

acquisitions strategy and sustainability –

forms a part of boardroom conversations.

After each quarterly market update, our

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer, the Audit Committee and the Board.

For each of our principal risks, we have a risk management

framework detailing the controls we have in place and who is

responsible for managing both the overall risk and the individual

controls mitigating that risk. Our assessment of risk considers both

short and long-term risks, including how these risks are changing,

together with emerging risk areas. These are reviewed on an

ongoing basis, and formally signed off by the Risk Management

Committee and the Board at least once a year.

Processes

HUL operates a wide range of processes and activities across

all its operations covering strategy, planning, execution and

performance management. Risk management is integrated into

every stage of this business cycle. These procedures are formalised

and

documented

and

are

increasingly

being

centralised

and

automated

into

transactional

and

other

information

technology systems.

Risk and Internal Adequacy

The Board, advised by the Risk Management Committee, where

appropriate, regularly reviews the significant risks and decisions

that could have a material impact on HUL. These reviews consider

the level of risk that HUL is prepared to take in pursuit of the business

strategy and the effectiveness of the management controls in

place to mitigate the risk exposure.

The Company’s internal control systems are commensurate with the

nature of its business and the size and complexity of its operations.

These are routinely tested and certified by Statutory as well as

Internal Auditors and cover all offices, factories and key business

areas. Significant audit observations and follow up actions

thereon are reported to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee

reviews adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s internal

controls environment and monitors the implementation of audit

recommendations, including those relating to strengthening of the

Company’s risk management policies and systems.

Principal Risks

On the following pages, we have identified the risks that we regard

as the most relevant to our business. These are the risks that we see

as most material to HUL’s business and performance at this time.

There may be other risks that could emerge in the future.

The most significant emerging risk is the ongoing outbreak of the

novel coronavirus (COVID-19). These are challenging times for the

world at large. The outbreak of COVID-19 and its rapid acceleration

across the globe are concerning.

While the human impact of the virus takes precedence for all of us,

we continue to monitor the developments closely and are wary of

the adverse impact on our business.

The manifold disruptions in terms of Government announced

lockdowns, challenges in running production, managing supply

and distribution network and fall in consumer spending pose risks

that are multi-dimensional and rapidly evolving.

The dynamics of this situation make it difficult to fully assess the

risk impact. However, we are doing all we can to ensure business

continuity and working tirelessly to mitigate the risks. We are

monitoring the evolving situation carefully to understand the

potential impact on our people and our business.

Our other principal risks have not fundamentally changed this year

except for the addition of –

1.

Climate change risk – In recognition of the growing significance

and our increasing understanding of the impacts of climate

change on our business, we have included it amongst our

principal risks, recognising the need for urgency in actions to

mitigate the same.

2.

Macro-Economic Instability risk – Macro Economic instability

on account of the fallout of COVID-19, global political and

trade tensions and Government actions in the aftermath have

created an extremely volatile macro-economic environment

which is a key risk impacting our business in the current scenario.

We identify the most relevant risks for our business, but also reflect

on whether we think the level of risk associated with each of our

principal risks is increasing or decreasing. The corresponding

increase / decrease has been called out for each of the

below listed risks.

Report of Board of Directors (continued)

Nature of risk

Management of risk

Brand Preference

Risk change since last year: No change

Our success depends on the value and relevance of our brands

and products to our consumers and on our ability to innovate and

remain competitive.

Consumer tastes, preferences and behaviours are changing more

rapidly than ever before. Under indexation of product portfolio in

segments, where a substantial section of the market is moving, will

lead to loss of market share and long-term competitive disadvantage.

Our ability to create innovative products that continue meeting the

needs of customers and deploy the right communication, both in

terms of messaging content and medium, is critical to the continued

strength of our brands.

Your Company monitors external market trends and collates

consumer, customer and shopper insights in order to develop

category and brand strategies. We invest in markets and segments

where we have built, or are confident that we can build, competitive

advantage. Our Research and Development function actively

searches for ways in which to translate the trends in consumer

preference and taste into new technologies for incorporation into

future products. Our innovation management process converts

category strategies into projects which deliver new products to

market. We develop product ideas both in house and with selected

partners to enable us to respond to rapidly changing consumer

trends with speed. Our brand communication strategies are designed

to optimise digital communication opportunities. We develop and

customise brand messaging content specifically for each of our

chosen communication channels (both traditional and digital) to

ensure that our brand messages reach our target consumers.

Supply Chain

Risk change since last year: Increase (In View of COVID-19)

Our

business

depends

on

purchasing

materials,

efficient

manufacturing and the timely distribution of products to our

customers.

Our Supply Chain network is exposed to potentially adverse

events such as physical disruptions, environmental and industrial

disruptions, labour unrest, transportation strikes or disruptions at a

key supplier, which could impact our ability to deliver orders to our

customers.

The cost of our products can be significantly affected by the cost

of the underlying commodities and materials from which they are

made. Fluctuations in these costs may negatively impact business

especially if such movements are not effectively managed.

We have contingency plans designed to enable us to secure

alternative key material supplies at short notice, to transfer or share

production between manufacturing sites and to use substitute

materials in our product formulations and recipes. We have policies

and procedures designed to ensure the health and safety of our

employees and the products in our facilities, and to deal with

major incidents including business continuity and disaster recovery.

Commodity price risk is actively managed through forward buying

of traded commodities and other hedging mechanisms. Trends

are monitored and modelled regularly and integrated into our

forecasting process.

As COVID-19 virus spreads across the nation, our Supply Chain

teams have risen to the challenge. We are working tirelessly to keep

our production and distribution ongoing so that our consumers and

communities have uninterrupted access to our products which help

them meet their basic needs of health, hygiene and nutrition. We are

working closely with the Government to provide necessary hygiene

solutions, we are prioritising key SKUs and are continuously making

our planning cycles more agile while unlocking flexible alternatives.

This has helped us reboot our supply lines to a large extent. Your

Company has enhanced its production capacities of home and

hygiene products in keeping with consumer needs in these times.

33

32

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director and members

of the Management Committee. The Integration team was

responsible for a seamless transition with minimal disruption to

the existing business, focusing on growth and value creation. The

integration team was also responsible for seamless onboarding

of the incoming employees and leverage their capabilities. These

principles of integration shall help your Company in creating value

for the organisation, allowing all the stakeholders to be part of the

growth story of this merger.

Your Company will be partnering with GSK (via a consignment

selling arrangement) to distribute brands of the GSK family in

India. This partnership, with world- class brands from GSK (like Eno,

Crocin, Sensodyne etc.) and your Company’s distribution strength,

will help build further the Company’s go-to-market capabilities.

Acquisition of female intimate hygiene wash

brand ‘VWash’

During the year, your Company entered into an agreement

with Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Limited to acquire its intimate

hygiene brand VWash. The deal involved acquisition of intellectual

property rights including trademarks, design and know-how

related to VWash brand. The proposed acquisition is in line with the

Company’s strategic intent to enter fast-growing segments of the

future in the premium Beauty & Personal Care Category.

Particulars of Loan, Guarantee or Investments

Details of loans, guarantee or investments made by your

Company under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013,

during financial year 2019-20 are appended as an Annexure to

this Report.

Governance, Compliance and Business Integrity

The Legal function of the Company continues to be a valued

business partner that provides solutions to protect your Company

and enable it to win in the volatile, uncertain, complex and

ambiguous environment. Through its focus on creating ‘value

with values’, the function provides strategic business partnership

in the areas including product claims, mergers and acquisitions,

legislative changes, combatting unfair competition, business

integrity and governance.

As the markets continue to be disrupted with newer technologies

and ever-evolving consumer preferences, the need to have a

framework around data security and privacy is paramount. Your

Company continues to ensure it has an appropriate framework

and safeguards for data privacy of its stakeholders with enhanced

legal and security standards. The legal function of your Company

continues to embrace newer technologies to the make the function

future ready to support the growth agenda of the business.

Your Company is of the view that the menace of counterfeits can

be effectively addressed if enforcement actions are supplemented

with building awareness amongst the consumers of tomorrow. Your

Company continued to engage with various stakeholders including

e-Commerce Channel Partners, Industry Bodies and Regulators to

curb the menace of counterfeiting on the e-Commerce platforms.

One of the key activities undertaken by your Company in this

direction

is

propagating

intellectual

property

awareness,

particularly among school students. Your Company believes it is

important to educate students on intellectual property and build

awareness and understanding of the subject so that students start

respecting intellectual property rights from a young age.

The Legal function of your Company works with leading industry

associations, national and regional regulators and key opinion

formers to develop a progressive regulatory environment in the

best interest of all stakeholders.

Business Integrity

Our principles and values apply to all our employees through our

Code and Code Policies. Our employees undertake mandatory

annual training on these Policies via online training modules

and an annual business integrity pledge. Our Business with

Integrity governance framework includes clear processes for

dealing Code breaches.

During the financial year, we closed 222 incidents across all areas

of our Code and Code Policies, with 119 confirmed breaches. During

the year, we terminated the employment of 15 employees as a

consequence of such breaches. The Code and Code Policies reflect

our desire to fight corruption in all its forms. We are committed to

eradicating any practices or behaviours though our zero-tolerance

approach to such practices. The Code of Business Principles is

periodically refreshed and updated so that it provides a current

Report of Board of Directors (continued)

reflection of the way we do business at Unilever. Our Code and

associated policies were re-visited recently to align them with the

changes in the internal and the external environment. Without

changing the substance, the Code of Business Principles have

been refreshed.

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy and Responsible Business Partner

Policy help to give us visibility of our third parties to ensure their

business principles are consistent with our own.

Corporate Governance

Maintaining high standards of Corporate Governance has been

fundamental to the business of your Company since its inception.

A separate report on Corporate Governance is provided together

with a Certificate from the Statutory Auditors of the Company

regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as

stipulated under Listing Regulations. A Certificate of the CEO and

CFO of the Company in terms of Listing Regulations, inter-alia,

confirming the correctness of the financial statements and cash

flow statements, adequacy of the internal control measures and

reporting of matters to the Audit Committee, is also annexed.

The extract of annual return in Form MGT-9 as required under

Section 92(3) of the Companies Act and Rule 12 of the Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 is appended

as an Annexure to this Report and also available on the

Company’s website at https://www.hul.co.in/investor-relations/

annual-reports/hul-annual-report-related-documents.html.

Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace

As per the requirement of the Sexual Harassment of Women

at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013

(‘POSH Act’) and Rules made thereunder, your Company has

constituted Internal Committees (IC). While maintaining the

highest governance norms, the Company have appointed external

independent persons who worked in this area and have the

requisite experience in handling such matters, as Chairpersons

of each of the Committees. During the year, 3 complaints with

allegations of sexual harassment were received by the Company

and they were investigated and resolved as per the provisions of the

POSH Act. To build awareness in this area, the Company has been

conducting induction / refresher programmes in the organisation

on a continuous basis. Your Company has also engaged with

Government Authority and made suggestions to make POSH Act

more enabling and easier to administer so that matters under this

Act can be dealt with more efficiently.

Update on Kodaikanal Soil Remediation

Your Company had informed the Members that soil remediation

trials had been concluded. Pursuant to which the authorities

permitted the Company to commence full scale soil remediation

work on the premises of the former factory of your Company as per

the approved up-scaling plan. In the meantime, the permission

granted for soil remediation and the Site-Specific Target Level

specified by the authorities was challenged before the National

Green Tribunal. The National Green Tribunal after hearing the

petition that was filed and ordered that the remediation be carried

out as per the approval granted by the authorities. The decision of

the National Green Tribunal was challenged before the Supreme

Court of India; the Supreme Court of India dismissed the petition

and has allowed the soil remediation to go ahead. The Company is

taking steps to commence full-scale soil remediation at the factory

site at the earliest.

Related Party Transactions

In line with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and

amendment to the Listing Regulations, your Company has

formulated a revised Policy on Related Party Transactions which

is also available on the Company’s website at https://www.hul.

co.in/Images/policy-on-materiality-of-rpt-and-dealing-with-rpt_

tcm1255-547442_1_en.pdf. The Policy intends to ensure that proper

reporting, approval and disclosure processes are in place for all

transactions between the Company and Related Parties.

All Related Party Transactions are placed before the Audit

Committee for review and approval. Prior omnibus approval is

obtained for Related Party Transactions on a quarterly basis

for transactions which are of repetitive nature and / or entered

in the Ordinary Course of Business and are at Arm’s Length. All

Related Party Transactions are subjected to independent review

by a reputed accounting firm to establish compliance with the

requirements of Related Party Transactions under the Companies

Act, 2013, and Listing Regulations.

All Related Party Transactions entered during the year were in

Ordinary Course of the Business and at Arm’s Length basis. No

Material Related Party Transactions, i.e. transactions exceeding

10% of the annual consolidated turnover as per the last audited

financial statement, were entered during the year by your

Company. Accordingly, the disclosure of Related Party Transactions

as required under Section 134(3)(h) of the Companies Act, 2013, in

Form AOC-2 is not applicable.

Board of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

During the year, Mr. Pradeep Banerjee, Whole-time Director

designated as an Executive Director, Supply Chain stepped

down from the Board as his contract of service came to an end

on 31st December, 2019. The Board places on record its deep

sense of gratitude and appreciation for Mr. Banerjee’s immense

contribution, strategic guidance provided during his tenure as a

Whole-time Director of the Company.

During

the

year,

on

the

recommendation

of

Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee,

the

Board

appointed

Mr. Wilhelmus Uijen as a Whole-time Director of the Company,

designated as an Executive Director, Supply Chain for a period

of 5 (five) years with effect from 1st January, 2020, liable to retire

by rotation and the appointment of Mr. Uijen has been approved

by the Shareholders of the Company by approving the ordinary

resolution conducted through Postal Ballot dated 18th March, 2020.

As the appointment of Mr. Uijen requires the approval of the Central

Government, the Company has made application to the Central

Government in this regard.

During the year, based on the recommendation of Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee,

the

Board

of

Directors

appointed Dr. Ashish Gupta as an Additional Director with effect

from 31st January, 2020, to hold office up to the date of the

forthcoming Annual General Meeting. The Board considered the

43

42

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director and

has Functional / Business Heads as its members.

During the year, Mr. Wilhelmus Uijen was appointed as an Executive

Director, Supply Chain and member of Management Committee of

the Company in succession to Mr. Pradeep Banerjee. During the

year, Mr. Sandeep Kohli, Executive Director, Beauty & Personal Care

was appointed as Vice President, Beauty & Personal Care for the

Unilever Business in North Africa, Middle East, Turkey and Russia

markets. Ms. Priya Nair, Executive Director, Home Care took over

the role of Executive Director, Beauty & Personal Care in succession

to Mr. Sandeep Kohli. Ms. Prabha Narasimhan was appointed as

an Executive Director, Home Care and Member of Management

Committee in place of Ms. Priya Nair. The Board places on record

its appreciation for the contribution made by Mr. Sandeep Kohli

during his tenure as Executive Director, Beauty & Personal Care.

Auditors

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants were re-appointed as

Statutory Auditors of your Company at the Annual General Meeting

held on 29th June, 2019, for the second term of five consecutive

years. The Auditors have confirmed that they are not disqualified

from being re-appointed as Auditors of the Company.

The Report given by the Auditors on the financial statement of the

Company is part of this Report. There has been no qualification,

reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer given by the Auditors

in their Report. During the year under review, the Auditors

had not reported any matter under Section 143 (12) of the

Companies Act, 2013.

M/s. R A & Co., Cost Accountants carried out the cost audit for

applicable businesses during the year. The Board of Directors have

appointed M/s. R A & Co., Cost Accountants as Cost Auditors for the

financial year 2019-20.

The Board of Directors had appointed M/s. S. N. Ananthasubramanian

& Co., Company Secretaries to conduct Secretarial Audit for the

financial year 2019-20. The Secretarial Audit Report forms part of

this Annual Report. The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain

any qualification, reservation or adverse remark.

Disclosure

The details in relation to the composition of Audit Committee,

establishment of Vigil Mechanism for directors and employees,

Internal Financial Controls and Director’s Remuneration Policy of

the Company have been given in the Corporate Governance Report

forming part of this Annual Report.

No significant or material orders were passed by the Regulators

or Courts or Tribunals which impacts the going concern status and

Company’s operations in future.

Compliance With Secretarial Standards

The Company has complied with all the applicable provisions

of Secretarial Standard – 1 and Secretarial Standard – 2 relating

to ‘Meetings of the Board of Directors’ and ‘General Meetings’,

respectively issued by Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

Stakeholder Engagement

Our multi-stakeholder model aims to respect the interests of and

be responsive towards all stakeholders.

Stakeholder engagement and partnership is essential to grow your

Company’s business and to reach the ambitious targets set out in the

USLP. The CoBP, which is the statement of values and represents the

standard of conduct for everyone associated with your Company,

and the Code Policies guide how we interact with the partners,

suppliers, customers, employees, shareholders, Government,

Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs), trade associations and

industry bodies. Through the underlined standards set in CoBP

and Code policies, your Company is committed to transparency,

Report of Board of Directors (continued)

honesty, integrity and openness in all its engagements with the

various stakeholders.

Outlook

2019-20 has been a challenging year with weakening consumer

sentiment given the macro-economic conditions and finally,

the COVID-19 outbreak and its terrible impact on lives and

livelihoods. The human impact of the virus and the containment

efforts have resulted in supply and demand disruptions, resulting

in a sharper growth deceleration. The situation remains volatile

with the trajectory of the virus undetermined, evolving hot spot

geographies, the success of containment measures uncertain, the

severity and duration of resulting economic crisis and the extent

of structural damage unknown. There are many unknowns today

and hence, the near-term outlook is extremely uncertain. We stand

united with the nation in the fight against COVID-19 as we navigate

our way through these dynamic uncertain times together. Our focus

remains on safety of our people, protecting supply lines, serving

demand, contributing to the society and optimising cost and cash.

Despite the near-term ambiguity, we remain confident of the

medium to long-term growth prospects of the FMCG sector. We are

working closely with Governments and our partners to ensure that

we overcome this global health crisis together. We have a strong

portfolio of trusted brands and capable teams with a resilient

mindset. We are built to survive times like these. We have naturally

seen strong as well as challenging conditions over the decades and

your Company has manoeuvred through all of these and come out

stronger. Although the current situation is much more uncertain

than normal, we are confident about our ability to manage the

immediate crisis and come out of it in a strengthened competitive

position. We remain focused on delivering consistent, competitive,

profitable and responsible growth through our fundamentals of

growth and sustainable business model.

Responsibility Statement

The Directors confirm that:

•

In the preparation of the Annual Accounts, the applicable

accounting standards have been followed and that no material

departures have been made from the same;

•

They have selected such accounting policies and applied them

consistently and made judgements and estimates that are

reasonable and prudent, so as to give a true and fair view of

the state of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial

year and of the profits of the Company for that period;

•

They have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance

of adequate accounting records in accordance with the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, for safeguarding the

assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud

and other irregularities;

•

They have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern

basis;

•

They have laid down internal financial controls for the

Company and such internal financial controls are adequate

and operating effectively; and

•

They have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with

the provisions of all applicable laws and such systems are

adequate and operating effectively

Appreciations and Acknowledgments

Your Directors place on record their deep appreciation to employees

at all levels for their hard work, dedication and commitment. The

enthusiasm and unstinting efforts of the employees have enabled

the Company to remain an industry leader.

Your Directors would also like to acknowledge the excellent

contribution by Unilever to your Company in providing the latest

innovations, technological improvements and marketing inputs

across almost all categories in which it operates. This has enabled

the Company to provide higher levels of consumer delight through

continuous improvement in existing products, and introduction

of new products.

The Board places on record its appreciation for the support and

co-operation your Company has been receiving from its suppliers,

distributors, retailers, business partners and others associated

with it as its trading partners. Your Company looks upon them as

partners in its progress and has shared with them the rewards

of growth. It will be your Company’s endeavour to build and

nurture strong links with the trade based on mutuality of benefits,

respect for and co-operation with each other, consistent with

consumer interests.

Your Directors also take this opportunity to thank all Shareholders,

Clients, Vendors, Banks, Government and Regulatory Authorities

and Stock Exchanges, for their continued support.

On behalf of the Board

Sanjiv Mehta

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

151.22

Refer Note iv.

2

Srinivas Phatak

Executive Director, Finance & IT and CFO

39.65

3

Pradeep Banerjee#

Executive Director, Supply Chain

44.30

4

Dev Bajpai

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Affairs and Company Secretary

43.02

5

Wilhelmus Uijen#

Executive Director, Supply Chain

55.62

# Mr. Pradeep Banerjee ceased to be a Whole-time Director of the Company w.e.f. 31st December, 2019 and Mr. Wilhelmus Uijen was appointed

as a Whole-time Director of the Company w.e.f. 1st January, 2020. Point (iv) given below with respect to salary increase is not applicable for

Mr. Wilhelmus Uijen.

ii.

The percentage increase in the median remuneration of Employees for the financial year was 4.26%.

iii.

The Company has 7,082 permanent Employees on the rolls of Company as on 31st March, 2020.

iv.

Average increase made in the salaries of Employees other than the managerial personnel in the financial year was 5.04%. The average

increases every year is an outcome of Company’s market competitiveness as against its peer group companies. In keeping with our reward

philosophy and benchmarking results, the increases this year reflect the market practice. Your Company follows a rigorous practice of

assessing the value of every role in the Company and benchmark the same to the market. With respect to Management Committee

members, the Company has, after seeking the approval of Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board, introduced a new

grade for the members of the Management Committee, considering the responsibilities and complexity of the roles involved. Accordingly,

salary increase in the range of 20% -25% was given for certain Management Committee Members, effective 1st February, 2020.

v.

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid during the year is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

Notes:

a)

The Non-Executive Directors of the Company are entitled for sitting fee and commission as per the statutory provisions and within the

limits approved by the Members. The details of remuneration of Non-Executive Directors are provided in the Corporate Governance

Report and is governed by the Differential Remuneration Policy, as detailed in the said Report. The ratio of remuneration and

percentage increase for Non-Executive Directors Remuneration is therefore not considered for the purpose above.

b)

Percentage increase in remuneration indicates annual target total compensation increases, as approved by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee of the Company during the financial year 2019-20.

c)

Employees for the purpose above includes all employees excluding employees governed under collective bargaining.

Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments

Amount outstanding as at 31st March, 2020

(` crores)

Particulars

Amount

Loans given

226

Guarantee given

8

Investments made

1,500

Loan, Guarantee and Investments made during the financial year 2019-20

Name of Entity

Relation

Amount (In crores)

Particulars of loan, guarantee

and investments

Purpose for which the guarantee and

investments are proposed to be utilised

Lakme Lever Private Limited

Subsidiary

55

Loan

Business purpose

Unilever India Exports Limited

Subsidiary

237

Loan

Business purpose

Mutual Funds#

-

(565) Investments

Cash Management

#For details refer to Note (6) of Notes to the financial statements

On behalf of the Board

Sanjiv Mehta

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director (MD), Whole-time Directors (WTD) and Key Managerial

Personnel (KMPs)

(` lakhs)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

NAME OF THE MD / WTD / KMP

Sanjiv

Mehta

Srinivas

Phatak

Pradeep

Banerjee*

Dev Bajpai

Wilhelmus

Uijen*

Total

Amount

Chairman

and

Managing

Director

Executive

Director,

Finance and

IT &

Chief

Financial

Officer

Executive

Director,

Supply

Chain

Executive

Director,

Legal and

Corporate

Affairs &

Company

Secretary

Executive

Director,

Supply

Chain

1

Gross salary

(a)

Salary as per provisions contained in

section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

1,246

244

-

246

130

1,866

(b)

Value

of

perquisites

u/s

17(2)

Income-tax Act, 1961

-

1

-

1

18

20

(c)

Profits

in

lieu

of

salary

under

Section 17(3) Income-tax Act, 1961

331

141

-

130

20

622

2

Stock Option

320

77

-

128

3

528

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

-

-

-

-

4

Commission

-

-

-

-

-

Others (Contribution to PF & Superannuation

and Consultancy fees)

45

45

569#

46

8

713

Total (A)

1,942

508

569

551

179

3,749

Ceiling as per the Companies Act, 2013

` 90,664 lakhs (being 10% of Net Profits of the Company has calculated as per

Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013)

* Mr. Pradeep Banerjee ceased to be a Whole-time Director of the Company w.e.f. 31st December, 2019 and Mr. Wilhelmus Uijen was appointed as a

Whole-time Director of the Company w.e.f. 1st January, 2020.

#Consultancy fees paid to Pradeep Banerjee Associates LLP.

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors (Continued)

B.

Remuneration to other Directors:

(` lakhs)

Particulars of

Remuneration

Name of other Directors

Total

Amount

Independent Directors

Aditya

Narayan S. Ramadorai*

O. P. Bhatt

Sanjiv Misra

Kalpana

Morparia

Leo Puri

Ashish

Gupta**

Total

–

Fee for attending

Board /Committee

meetings

5.40

0.60

6.30

5.70

2.40

5.10

0.30

25.80

–

Commission#

23.74

6.50##

26.00

23.50

21.00

22.00

7.50##

130.24

Total (B)

29.14

7.10

32.30

29.20

23.40

27.10

7.80

156.04

Ceiling as per the

Companies Act, 2013

` 9,066 lakhs (being 1% of Net Profits of the Company calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013)

Total Managerial

Remuneration = (A+B)

Overall Ceiling as per the

Companies Act, 2013

` 99,730 lakhs (being 11% of Net Profits of the Company calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013)

* Mr. S. Ramadorai, ceased to be a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 29th June, 2019.

**Dr. Ashish Gupta was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 31st January, 2020.

# The commission for the financial year ended 31st March, 2020 will be paid after adoption of accounts by the shareholders at the AGM to be held

on 30th June, 2020.

## Pro-rata annual commission

VII. PENALTIES / PUNISHMENT/ COMPOUNDING OF OFFENCES:

There were no penalties / punishment / compounding of offences for breach of any Section of the Companies Act against the Company or

its Directors or other officers in default, if any, during the year.

On behalf of the Board

Sanjiv Mehta

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Chairman,

CSR Committee

Mumbai, 30th April, 2020

(DIN : 06699923)

(DIN : 00548091)

59

58

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

06699923

Mr. Srinivas Phatak

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief Financial Officer

02743340

*Chairman of the Committee

Details of BR Head:

The Company has a governance mechanism and scorecard to monitor the progress on USLP commitments. The Council reports the

progress to the Chairman and: Managing Director and Management Committee on a quarterly basis.

Particulars

Details

DIN Number

06699923

Name

Sanjiv Mehta

Designation

Managing Director. The Audit Committee of the Board reviews

the implementation of CoBP. The CSR Committee of the Board

reviews the implementation of the USLP besides the scope that has

been laid out for this Committee under the Companies Act 2013.

6

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online

USLP: https://www.hul.co.in/sustainable-living/

CoBP: https://www.hul.co.in/Images/4297-cobp-summary-doc_

tcm1255-409220_en.pdf

Supplier Code: https://www.hul.co.in/about/who-we-are/purpose-

and-principles/Business-Partner-Code/

7

Has the policy been formally communicated to all relevant

internal and external stakeholders’?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

8

Does the Company have in-house structure to implement the

policy / policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

9

Does the Company have a grievance redressal mechanism

related to the policy / policies to address stakeholders’

grievances related to the policy / policies?

Y

-

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

-

Y

10

Has the Company carried out independent audit / evaluation

of the working of this policy by an internal or external agency?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

(b) If answer to the question at serial number 1 against any principle, is ‘No’, please explain why: Not Applicable

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors (Continued)

GOVERNANCE RELATED TO BR

The Management Committee of the Company reviews complaints,

issues and concerns received under the CoBP framework as well

as the implementation of the CoBP on a monthly basis. The Audit

Committee of the Company reviews the implementation of the

CoBP on a quarterly basis. The CSR Committee of the Company

comprising a majority of Independent Directors is responsible for

formulating, implementing and monitoring the CSR Policy of the

Company. The Committee meets at least twice a year to review

progress on various sustainability initiatives, including progress

under the USLP.

Reporting progress to stakeholders on USLP targets forms an

important part of the governance procedures of your Company.

Your Company publishes an update on progress in India under

USLP every year. The USLP India Progress Report can be accessed at

https://www.hul.co.in/Images/unilever-sustainable-living-plan-

--hul-summary-of-progress-2019_tcm1255-551089_1_en.pdf.

In line with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013, your

Company has also published the CSR Annual Report which forms

part of this Report. The CSR Annual Report and this Business

Responsibility Report can also be accessed at https://www.hul.

co.in/investor-relations/annual-reports/hul-annual-report-

related-documents.html.

PRINCIPLE

1:

ETHICS,

TRANSPARENCY

AND

ACCOUNTABILITY

BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT AND GOVERN THEMSELVES

WITH ETHICS, TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY

The standards on ethics, transparency and accountability are

stated under the CoBP and Code policies of your Company. CoBP

is the statement of values and represents the standard of conduct

which everyone associated with your Company is expected to

observe in all business endeavours. Your Company also has a

Whistle Blower Policy which allows employees to bring to the

attention of the Management, promptly and directly, any unethical

behaviour, suspected fraud or irregularity in the Company practices

which is not in line with the CoBP. The CoBP and Whistle Blower

Policy and their implementation are explained in detail under the

Report of Board of Directors and the Corporate Governance Report.

PRINCIPLE

2:

PRODUCTS

LIFECYCLE

SUSTAINABILITY

BUSINESSES SHOULD PROVIDE GOODS AND SERVICES

THAT ARE SAFE AND CONTRIBUTE TO SUSTAINABILITY

THROUGHOUT THEIR LIFE CYCLE

Consumers increasingly prefer responsible brands and responsible

businesses. Your Company’s brands have integrated responsibility

and sustainability into both their purpose and products. For

example, your Company’s brands such as Pureit (Water), Domex

(Sanitation) and Lifebuoy (Hygiene) have driven the water,

sanitation and hygiene (WASH) agenda in India. Your Company

has reached over 152 million people by end of 2019 through

its initiatives in the area of health and well-being and has also

contributed to an important national agenda through its Swachh

Aadat, Swachh Bharat programme.

Understanding and managing the environmental impact of your

Company’s products is crucial to achieving the USLP goals.

Life Cycle Analysis (LCA) is one of several techniques your Company

uses. It enables the Company to understand the impact of its

products across each stage of their life cycle – from the sourcing of

raw materials to product manufacture, distribution, consumer use

and disposal. We use LCA in three main ways:

1.

New Product Design: LCA

is

used

to

compare

the

environmental performance of new vs. existing products -

helping to guide the choices product developers make. It is

also used to communicate the environmental performance of

our products to consumers.

2.

Existing

products:

LCA

helps

the

Company

identify

opportunities to improve the environmental impact of

existing products. It can also improve the quality and

availability of data used by us and others e.g. it is used when

working with suppliers to reduce the environmental impact of

our ingredients.

3.

Science and Methodology: Your Company engages with

partners to develop and promote the science used for LCA,

aiming to improve both the robustness and scope of life

cycle-based approaches and assessment. Your Company

has contributed to the science of LCA assessment methods

in a number of areas including land use, biodiversity and

water-related impacts and the challenges of applying a

planetary boundary-based approach.

Sustainable purpose, sustainable products

These purpose-driven brands are not limited to being socially

relevant, but are also environmentally sustainable. Many of your

Company’s food products are made from sustainably sourced

agricultural raw materials. For example, 76% of tomatoes used in

your Company’s Kissan ketchup are from sustainable sources. This

sustainable sourcing is enabled through partnerships with various

private and Government bodies. 78% of the tea sourced from India

for Unilever brands was from sustainable sources. In 2019, we

continued our process of buying RSPO (Roundtable on Sustainable

Palm Oil) certified palm oil to achieve the ambition of reaching

100% sustainable sourcing. 100% of paper and board used by your

Company in packaging are sourced from mills that are certified

sustainable by Forest Stewardship Council (FSC). Your Company is

also working through its supplier partners with 15,000 smallholder

farmers for sustainable farming of gherkins, that are exported

to multiple countries for Unilever. This is a part of the innovative

Responsible Farming Programme that aims to increase productivity,

develop best practices and improve livelihoods.

Your Company has taken an environment friendly target of

eliminating coal usage in its operations by 2020. All coal using

boilers will be modified to use Biomass briquettes and other

renewable fuels. This will result in substantial reduction in our fossil

fuel usage and corresponding reduction in carbon footprint. The

same will be extended to the sites acquired upon the merger of

GSK CH with your Company by 2021. Further, your Company shall

source 100% of its energy across its operations from renewable

sources by 2030.

63

62

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director.

Holistic well-being

Your

Company’s

focus

is

on

physical,

mental

and

emotional well-being:

•

Physical Health: In India, as part of Lamplighter Program,

the Company measures the Personal Vitality of individual

employees by calculation of the Vitality Index*.

•

Your Company uses ekincare as a well-being resource. This

is a technology enabled holistic tool that offers Medical

digitisation. It also offers a variety of other services that support

self-care and goal-setting, challenges and competitions over a

wide range of resources for improving health and well-being.

•

Mental Health: Your Company’s aim is to build a World Class

Mental Health Support system. Your Company launched the

Employee Assistance Programme - ReachOut for its employees

in 2016. On World Mental Health Day 2019, your Company

touched 6,433 employees across locations promoting mental

*comprising of 4 health parameters i. e. Blood Pressure, Body Mass

Index, Blood Cholesterol Levels & Blood Glucose Levels

health awareness through floor-walks, webinars and focused

mental health sessions led by experts and industry speakers.

Capability building

Apart from physical, mental and emotional well-being your

Company

focuses

on

continuous

learning

and

building

organisational capabilities of its people:

•

Your Company has helped over 3,800 white collar employees

and over 8,000 blue collar workers to be part of a customised

‘Discover your Purpose’ workshop. This is a unique format for

sharing life stories to help employees discover their ‘true north’

to be their best selves and unlock & realise their potential.

•

Sparkle: It is a technology tool designed for capability

management of shop-floor Blue collar employees. Your

Company has invested in 2,63,508 training man hours in Blue

Collar employee training across units. These have primarily

been across the areas of safety & First-aid, electrical &

emergency

response,

knowledge

for

effective

machine

& system orientation, World Class Manufacturing, Process

Safety and Risk Analysis, among others.

•

70:20:10 Capability Building: Your Company follows the

70:20:10 capability building approach with 70% capability built

on the job through live assignments, short-term projects and

exposures 20% through coaching and 10% through classroom,

virtual and e-learning.

•

Over 1,50,000 training hours were invested in white collar

employee trainings. Over 30% of this investment was via online

learning that is a key enabler to moving towards a connected

and sustained learning model as we scale our business.

These trainings were conducted across functions, upskilling

on specific skills that include quality, manufacturing process,

sales and marketing process, new ages skills including digital

and data analytics as well leadership sessions in line with

Unilever Standards of Leadership.

•

Unilever Future Leaders Programme (UFLP): Your Company

identifies talent early and invests in building capability through

its flagship UFLP programme.

•

People Planning Processes: Leaders at each level review and

assess talent on both, the ‘What’ and the ‘How’ of performance

through an objective process. Capability building and career

plans for talent form an integral part of this process.

•

Growth through Diversity of Experience: Job rotation and

diversity of experiences are integrated at all stages of the

individual’s career.

Diversity and inclusion

Your Company continues to place significant importance on

diversity and inclusion (D&I) in the workplace. Active steps have

been taken over the years to improve gender balance, with a

focus on managerial and senior leadership levels. The Company

achieved 41.43% gender balance at the managerial level (WL2+)

in March 2020 vs 39.94% in March 2019. The Gender Balance for

senior leadership positions (WL4+) improved from 19.05% in

March 2019 to 33.33% in March 2020. The progress continues on

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors (Continued)

account of enablers such as focusing on hiring top women talent

across work levels, providing career development and mentorship

opportunities, agile working and parental support.

In

March

2020,

your

Company

launched

the

#HULStandsforWomenSafety

initiative

in

partnership

with

Son Rise and UN Women to encourage each employee to take

the HeforShe Pledge. Your Company is committed to cover

1 lakh+ women through an awareness programme on safety in

2020 and pay it forward by encouraging other like minded

organisations to join the movement.

In 2019, your Company launched a host of enablers to improve

gender inclusion in the workplace. In addition to the head office,

the Company this year rolled out at various offices of the Company

state of the art day care facilities and also rolled out site crèches in

15 of its factory sites this year.

Your Company continues to provide agile / flexible working

arrangements, a formal career break policy and parental support

to employees of all genders and orientations. Career by Choice

continues to be your Company’s flagship ‘back to work’ programme

for women returning from a career break by giving them a platform

to transition back to mainstream work.

•

Inclusion of Persons with Disability (PwD): We are committed

to including persons with disability into our employment

ecosystem and workforce. Additionally, we are building an

accessible workplace for persons with disability with over 17 of

our sites already audited and work underway to convert them.

In 2019, the Company launched Voluntary Self Disclosure and

Reasonable Accommodation Policy to enable employees to

discreetly disclose their disability and avail support.

•

LGBTQ+ Inclusion: The Company conducted its first PRIDE

celebration in 2019 to create awareness about diversity of

genders and orientations and build a culture of allyship

through theatre based inclusion workshops, screening of

India’s first internationally acclaimed LGBTQ+ movie Sisak

and celebration of game changers from the community. Your

Company has ensured provision of 22 all Gender Inclusive

Restrooms across its main offices in 2019.

Affirmative action and prevention from sexual

harassment

Your Company believes in providing Equal Opportunity /

Affirmative Action. It has a Policy on Affirmative Action and a

Policy on Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace (POSH

Policy) to provide a work environment that ensures every person

at the workplace is treated with dignity, respect and afforded

equal treatment. Sexual harassment cases are dealt with as

per the Company’s POSH Policy, the CoBP and applicable laws.

Communication is sent to all employees on a regular basis on

various aspects of Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace

through e-articles and other means of communication. During

the financial year 2019-20, three complaints with allegation of

sexual harassment were filed with the Company and the same

have been handled as per the provisions of the Prevention of

Sexual Harassment Act. More than 1500 people were trained on

Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace and related topics.

Trainings included:

•

Induction sessions for New Joiners / Trainees / Interns /

Third-party business partners on the subject of Prevention of

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace.

•

Employees across locations were taken through refresher

cascades on Appropriate Workplace Behaviours, Gender

Sensitisation and Prevention of Sexual Harassment at

Workplace.

•

Inside offices, women employees are discouraged from working

beyond 8.30 p.m. Any instances of late working are detected

by the attendance card reader and sent to the employee’s Line

Manager automatically. In circumstances where late working

becomes unavoidable, women employees are required to (i) Take

a drop home from a Company approved car vendor only; (ii) Be

escorted by a male colleague back home; (iii) Inform their Line

Managers upon reaching home that they have reached safely.

Fair labour practices

Your Company drives fairness in the workplace by advancing

human rights across its operations and extended supply chain. Your

Company has an excellent record on industrial relations. Since 2015,

it has maintained a record of near-zero loss of man-days due to

industrial unrest. Your Company currently has over 7,159 employees

(excluding workmen) and has over 5,000 people employed on

contractual / temporary basis as on 31st March, 2020.

Freedom

of

association,

participation

and

collective bargaining

All workers are free to exercise their right to form and / or join trade

unions or to refrain from doing so and to bargain collectively. There

are 90+ employee associations across your Company.

More than 10,000 permanent employees are members of these

associations. There are over 95 female shop-floor Blue collar

employees and over 16 permanent shop-floor Blue collar

employees with disabilities in your Company’s factories.

During the last year, your Company entered into long-term

settlements with around 725 employees across India.

Managing grievances

Your Company’s grievance redressal mechanisms ensure that all

employees and third parties can raise issues and concerns. The

CoBP and Whistle Blower Policy provide for reporting in confidence

of issues like child labour, sexual harassment etc. The Company

has established a vigil mechanism for Directors and employees to

report their genuine concerns, details of which have been given in

the Corporate Governance Report. During the financial year, there

have been no complaints alleging child labour, forced labour,

involuntary labour and discriminatory employment.

65

64

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director which is webcast from

the Head Office across all HUL locations and sites.

•

Others: The Company has other in-house communication

channels both digital and offline that help employees

to

connect,

bond,

inspire,

express

and

celebrate

their achievements.

PRINCIPLE 5: HUMAN RIGHTS

BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE HUMAN

RIGHTS

Your Company seeks to uphold and promote human rights in its

operations, in relationships with business and partners; and by

working through external initiatives such as the United Nations

Global Compact. Unilever has identified eight human rights

issues as priority and is committed to addressing them across its

operations globally. The eight priority issues are: discrimination, fair

wages, forced labour, freedom of association, harassment, health

and safety, land rights and working hours. Unilever’s approach to

managing these critical human rights issues globally is elaborated

on the Unilever website.

The report on human rights released by Unilever in 2015 outlines

Unilever’s goals not only to respect human rights but to actively

advance them across all areas of the business.

In India, your Company fully adheres to Unilever’s approach to

human rights. In addition to this, your Company’s CoBP upholds

the principles of human rights and fair treatment. The Code also

conforms to the International Labour Organisation (ILO) principles.

The principles of human rights are followed in the same spirit within

as well as outside the organisation when engaging with business

partners. Your Company’s Responsible Sourcing Policy for suppliers

reinforces the principles of human rights and labour rights for all

suppliers of your Company and is available on Unilever’s website.

No complaints were received regarding human rights violation

during the year.

PRINCIPLE 6: ENVIRONMENT

BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT, PROTECT AND MAKE

EFFORTS TO RESTORE THE ENVIRONMENT

In line with USLP commitment, your Company’s vision is to grow

the business whilst decoupling the environmental footprint from

growth and increasing the positive social impact.

Your Company has been implementing environmental best

practices adopted from Unilever operations across the globe in

manufacturing operations and has achieved significant reduction

of waste (kg / tonne of production), water usage (m3 / tonne

of production) and greenhouse gas (CO2) emission (kg / tonne

of production).

The reductions for financial year 2019-20 based on 2008

baseline are:

•

CO2 emissions (kg / tonne of production) reduced by 85%.

•

Water consumption (m3 / tonne of production) reduced by 58%.

•

Total waste (kg / tonne of production) generated from the

factories reduced by 63%.

Your Company also segregates and disposes the waste generated

in manufacturing operations in an environmentally friendly manner.

All our manufacturing sites have not sent any non-hazardous

waste to landfills since 2014. The Company has also progressing

Unilever’s global target of ensuring that all of its plastic packaging

is fully reusable, recyclable or compostable by 2025.

Your Company has undertaken multiple sustainability initiatives,

which are elaborated as under:

•

Water - Major contributors to water usage reduction were

rainwater harvesting projects in Chhindwara & Khamgaon,

direct rainwater use in processes and utilities, increase in

steam condensate reuse, improving recovery efficiency and

maximising use of RO plants, reduction of cooling tower drift

losses and boiler blowdown optimisation.

•

Waste - Factories have identified creative reuse opportunities

for various waste streams. For example, Nashik factory

developed an innovative cleaning and handling arrangement

in collaboration with supplier and are now able to reuse

RM drums and buckets multiple times. This scheme is being

replicated across sites. All factories have provided segregation

at source facilities to improve recyclability.

•

Energy - Reduction

in

total

energy

footprint

through

upgradation of equipment is an ongoing activity. During

the year, installation of energy efficient pumps and motors

was carried out in Haridwar, Barotiwala & Rajpura besides

installation of VVVFDs (advanced digital drives for motors).

A boiler efficiency improvement project was also undertaken in

Rajpura with excellent results.

•

CO2 – Purchase of IREC for Grid Electricity, Coal elimination in

Khamgaon factory, Modification in Thermic Fluid Heater (TFH)

in Bhuj to use residue in TFH and use of biomass briquette

in FBC boiler, Solar initiatives in Chiplun & Nashik aided in

67

66

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director and Management

Committee on a quarterly basis.

•

Global Environmental Performance Monitoring Portal: A

global level database is maintained for all Unilever sites.

Environmental performance data is uploaded monthly on the

portal by all sites. The ‘Group Manufacturing Environment

Team’ monitors the performance against set targets and

provides feedback as well as management updates. Audits are

conducted at sites randomly selected by above team through

reputed external auditors (e.g. PwC).

•

Environment

Sub-Committee:

The

Environment

Sub-committee consists of team members from various

functions such as Supply Chain, Engineering, Finance, Research

and Development, Legal and Corporate SHE. It is led by the

Executive Director, Supply Chain and convenes periodically to

assess EPR (Extended Procure Responsibility) plan execution,

Environmental performance in sites (e.g. reduction in water

consumption, reduction in waste generation, improved

methods for waste disposal, reduction in electricity usage

and CO2 emission etc.) and initiatives like Rain Water use in

operations etc.

Risk Assessment

All the emissions / waste generated by your Company are generally

within the permissible limits given by respective state Pollution

Control Boards (PCBs).

Your Company had informed the Members that soil remediation

trials had been concluded. Pursuant to which the authorities

permitted the Company to commence full scale soil remediation

work on the premises of the former factory of your Company as per

the approved up-scaling plan. In the meantime, the permission

granted for soil remediation and the Site-Specific Target Level

specified by the authorities was challenged before the National

Green Tribunal. The National Green Tribunal after hearing the

petition that was filed and ordered that the remediation be carried

out as per the approval granted by the authorities. The decision of

the National Green Tribunal was challenged before the Supreme

Court of India; the Supreme Court of India dismissed the petition

and has allowed the soil remediation to go ahead. The Company is

taking steps to commence full-scale soil remediation at the factory

site at the earliest.

PRINCIPLE 7: POLICY ADVOCACY

BUSINESSES, WHEN ENGAGED IN INFLUENCING PUBLIC AND

REGULATORY POLICY, SHOULD DO SO IN A RESPONSIBLE

MANNER

Your Company’s approach to advocacy is guided by the CoBP.

The Code provides that any contact by the Company or its business

associates with Government, legislators, regulators or NGOs must

be done with honesty, integrity, openness and in compliance

with applicable laws. Only authorised and appropriately trained

individuals can interact with these organisations. Prior internal

approval is required for initiating any contact between the

Company, its representatives and officials, aimed at influencing

regulation or legislation.

The Company is represented in key industry and business

associations which include Confederation of Indian Industry

(CII), Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry

(FICCI), Associated Chamber of Commerce and Industry of India

(ASSOCHAM), Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry (BCCI)

and Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI).

Many of the Board and senior leadership team members are

associated with several global bodies like the World Economic

Forum (WEF), United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), apart from

the leading business Chambers in India.

Your Company participates in multi-stakeholder engagements

and, when relevant, responds to public consultations. Some of the

key issues on which your Company engaged with the Government

in 2019-20 include:

•

Effective plastic waste management.

•

Engagement

with

Government

on

‘Ease

of

Doing

Business’ initiatives.

•

Recommending changes on upcoming e-Commerce policy to

mitigate the issue of counterfeits and fakes sold online.

•

Recommending changes to Consumer Protection law.

•

Engagement with Government on fiscal issues including Goods

and Services Tax (GST).

•

IPR: Right Holders recommending changes in policy framework

and adoption of practices to mitigate the menace of

counterfeits; seeking action against parallel imports of goods

in the country.

•

Effective

changes

to

the

Prevention

of

Sexual

Harassment at Workplace.

•

Recommending

changes

and

suggestions

under

the Labour Codes.

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors (Continued)

•

Engagement with the Government on changes in the Legal

Metrology Act and Packaged Commodity Rules.

•

Recommending changes to the proposed law on Drugs and

Magic Remedies.

•

Engagement with the Government to drive changes in the

Drugs and Cosmetics Act and Rules.

•

Engaging

with

the

Government

on

the

proposed

Data Privacy law.

•

Engagement with the Government on Company Law issues

ranging from National Company Law Tribunal Merger approvals

to requirement of obtaining the Central Government’s approval

under the Section 196 of the Companies Act.

PRINCIPLE 8: INCLUSIVE GROWTH

BUSINESSES SHOULD SUPPORT INCLUSIVE GROWTH AND

EQUITABLE DEVELOPMENT

Your Company’s inclusive growth approach focuses on improving

the livelihoods of smallholder farmers, supporting small-scale

retailers and helping young entrepreneurs. Some of the important

initiatives are mentioned below:

Improving livelihoods of smallholder farmers

Your Company has been associated with a number of smallholder

farmers through its supplier partners, training them on good

agricultural practices like drip irrigation, nutrient management,

pest and disease management to improve their livelihood. Through

these programs, smallholder farmers have benefitted by a higher

yield, more certain demand and higher incomes.

In Tea, Unilever worked with partners like IDH to start the Trustea

Programme in 2012, which was aligned with USLP. The Programme

has now expanded into a much larger scale in the industry. Through

the programme, 620k plantation workers (56% of them women

workers) and 55.6k SHFs have been positively impacted. 78% of tea

in India procured for Unilever brands is from sustainable sources.

Over 15,000 smallholder gherkin farmers have benefitted from

Unilever’s innovative Responsible Farming Programme. The aim of

this programme is to increase productivity, develop best practices

and improve livelihoods of farmers. The gherkins grown in India are

exported globally to other Unilever businesses.

Your Company has worked with its suppliers to partner with

smallholder farmers for cultivation of tomatoes. These farmers

have also benefitted from similar training initiatives. Till date, your

Company has reached out to over 8,000 smallholder farmers who

cultivated tomatoes on more than 11,000 acres of land.

Your Company has expanded the sustainable sourcing programme

to Chicory farming, where 1,300 smallholder farmers benefit from

the programme.

Empowering women micro-entrepreneurs

Project Shakti is your Company’s initiative to provide livelihood

enhancing

opportunities

to

women

micro

entrepreneurs

in rural India. The Shakti Ammas are given training for

familiarisation with your Company’s products and basic tenets

of distribution management. Currently, there are nearly 1,20,000

micro-entrepreneurs as part of Project Shakti.

Empowering communities through Prabhat

Project Prabhat is a community development initiative of your

Company, that is linked to Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP).

It builds on local community needs at a grassroot level, in line with

India’s development agenda. By doing so, it’s contributing to a

fairer and more socially and environmentally inclusive world, while

using HUL’s scale for good. It ultimately aims to create sustainable

communities in and around HUL sites through focused interventions

on Livelihood, Water Conservation, Nutrition and Health & Hygiene.

Project Prabhat has reached out to over 4.5 million people across

12 states and 2 union territories. More than 5,000 employee

volunteers of the Company participated in the volunteering

activities under Project Prabhat in the last six years.

Rin Shine Academy

Rin Shine Academy (erstwhile Rin Career Ready Academy) aims to

inspire, educate and equip the youth from modest backgrounds

by helping them develop soft-skills to progress in their careers.

Three popular skills on the platform are English Speaking, Interview

Training & Office Dressing. So far, over 5.57 lakhs people have

benefitted from this programme.

PRINCIPLE 9: CUSTOMER VALUE

BUSINESSES SHOULD ENGAGE WITH AND PROVIDE VALUE

TO THEIR CUSTOMERS AND CONSUMERS IN A RESPONSIBLE

MANNER

Your Company’s strong distribution network comprises millions

of outlets serviced by 4,500 distributors and associates who help

deliver Company’s products. Your Company has undertaken some

important initiatives to become more customer-centric and win in

the marketplace. These initiatives include:

•

Beyond call centres: Apart from the call centres set up for

retailers, the Company also has a direct outreach through

or eB2B app which have helped many of your Company’s

traditional trade customers reach out directly to the Company

and improve demand capture of orders. The feedback

received from retail outlets provide useful into the demand

and purchasing patterns of these retailers and enable your

Company to serve them better with targeted promotions and

attractive offers.

•

Partner of choice: Your Company registered strong growth

across all key modern trade retail partners, driven by

strong joint business plans. Your Company made significant

investment in capability building in e-Commerce. An efficient

team with diverse talent combined with the best global

practices is a competitive advantage for your Company in

area of e-Commerce.

Responsible marketing and communication

Your Company has four clearly defined principles that guide its

communications with consumers:

69

68

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

Mumbai, 30th April, 2020

(DIN : 06699923)

*Where applicable and legally permissible in accordance with local

or regional industry agreements

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors (Continued)

COMPANY’S CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PHILOSOPHY

The principles of Corporate Governance are based on transparency,

accountability and focus on the sustainable success of the

Company over the long-term. At Hindustan Unilever Limited, we

feel proud to belong to a Company whose visionary founders

laid the foundation stone for good governance long back and

made it an integral principle of the business, as demonstrated in

the words above.

Responsible corporate conduct is integral to the way we do our

business. Our actions are governed by our values and principles,

which are reinforced at all levels within the Company. At

Hindustan Unilever, we are committed to doing things the right

way which means taking business decisions and acting in a way

that is ethical and is in compliance with applicable legislation.

Our Code of Business Principles (‘the Code’) is an extension of our

values and reflects our continued commitment to ethical business

practices across our operations. We acknowledge our individual

and collective responsibilities to manage our business activities

with integrity. Our Code inspires us to set standards which not

only meet applicable legislation but go beyond in many areas of

our functioning.

To succeed, we believe, requires highest standards of corporate

behaviour towards everyone we work with, the communities we

touch and the environment on which we have an impact. This is

our road to consistent, competitive, profitable and responsible

growth and creating long-term value for our shareholders, our

people and our business partners. The above principles have been

the guiding force for whatever we do and shall continue to be so in

the years to come.

The Board of Directors (‘the Board’) are responsible for and

committed to sound principles of Corporate Governance in

the Company. The Board plays a crucial role in overseeing how

the management serves the short and long-term interests of

shareholders and other stakeholders. This belief is reflected in

our governance practices, under which we strive to maintain

an effective, informed and independent Board. We keep our

governance practices under continuous review and benchmark

ourselves to best practices across the globe.

In recognition of its governance practices, your Company was

conferred upon a Certificate of Recognition at the ICSI National

Awards for Excellence in Corporate Governance for the year 2017

and 2018 by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. In the

year 2011, the Company had been bestowed with the National

Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance.

Also, your Company was recognised on Top 10 scores of the S&P BSE

Index constituents in the ‘Leadership Category’ for the Corporate

Governance Scorecard which is a joint initiative of the International

Finance Corporation (IFC) and the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors have ultimate responsibility for the

management,

general

affairs,

direction,

performance

and

long-term success of business as a whole. The Board has delegated

the operational conduct of the business to the Chairman and: Managing Director of the Company. The Management Committee

of the Company is headed by the

Managing Director

Sanjiv Mehta

01.10.2013

10

-

-

-

Executive Director (Finance & IT)

and CFO

Srinivas Phatak

01.12.2017

10,208

-

-

-

Executive Directors

Dev Bajpai

23.01.2017

49,179

-

-

-

Wilhelmus Uijen

01.01.2020

-

1

-

-

Independent Directors

Aditya Narayan

29.06.2001

-

1

1

-

O. P. Bhatt

20.12.2011

-

4

2

1

Sanjiv Misra

08.04.2013

-

-

-

-

Kalpana Morparia

09.10.2014

-

1

-

1

Leo Puri

12.10.2018

-

3

1

-

Ashish Gupta

31.01.2020

-

1

-

-

#Excluding Private Limited Companies, Foreign Companies, Section 8 Companies and Alternate Directorships.

##Includes only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee.

None of the Directors of your Company are related to each other.

The names of the listed entities along with the category of

Directorship for all the Directors form part of Profile of Directors

from page nos. 226 to 229.

The

number

of

Directorship(s),

Committee

Membership(s)

/ Chairmanship(s) of all Directors is within respective limits

prescribed under the Act and Listing Regulations as amended

from time to time.

Appointment and Tenure

The Directors of the Company are appointed / re-appointed

by the Board on the recommendations of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and approval of the Members at the

General Meetings. In accordance with the Articles of Association

of the Company and provisions of the Act, all Directors, except the: Managing Director and Independent Directors of the Company, are

liable to retire by rotation at the Annual General Meeting (AGM)

each year and, if eligible, offer themselves for re-election. The

Executive Directors on the Board have been appointed as per the

provisions of the Act and serve in accordance with the terms of their

contract of employment / contract of service with the Company.

None of the Independent Director(s) of the Company resigned

before the expiry of their tenure.

As regards the appointment and tenure of Independent Directors,

following is the policy adopted by the Board:

•

The Company has adopted the provisions with respect to

appointment and tenure of Independent Directors which are

consistent with the Act and Listing Regulations.

•

The Independent Directors can serve a maximum of two terms

of five years each, after the introduction of the Act.

Corporate Governance (continued)

•

The Company would not have any upper age limit of retirement

of Independent Directors from the Board and their appointment

and tenure will be governed by provisions of the Act and the

Listing Regulations.

•

The Company shall ensure that the appointment of any

Non-Executive Director who has attained the age of 75 years

is approved by the Members of the Company by way of a

Special Resolution.

Any person who becomes Director or Officer, including an

employee who is acting in a managerial or supervisory capacity,

shall be covered under Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance

Policy. The Policy shall also cover those who serve as a Director,

Officer or equivalent of an outside entity at Company’s request.

The Company has provided insurance cover in respect of legal

action against its Directors under the Directors’ and Officers’

Liability Insurance.

Board Meetings

The Board meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide on

Company / business policy and strategy apart from other Board

businesses. The Board / Committee Meetings are pre-scheduled

and a tentative annual calendar of the Board and Committee

Meetings is circulated to the Directors well in advance to

facilitate them to plan their schedule and to ensure meaningful

participation in the meetings. However, in case of a special and

urgent business need, the Board’s approval is taken by passing

resolutions by circulation, as permitted by law, which are noted

and confirmed in the subsequent Board Meeting.

The Board business generally includes consideration of important

corporate actions and events including:-

•

quarterly and annual results announcements;

•

oversight of the performance of the business;

•

declaration of dividends;

•

development and approval of overall business strategy;

•

board succession planning;

•

review of the functioning of the Committees; and

•

other

strategic,

transactional

and

governance

matters

as required under the Act, Listing Regulations and other

applicable legislations.

The notice of Board / Committee Meetings is given well in advance

to all the Directors. Usually, Meetings of the Board are held in

Mumbai. The Agenda of the Board / Committee Meetings is set

by the Company Secretary in consultation with the

Letter of Appointment is issued to them.

In the Board Meetings, immersion sessions deal with different parts

of the business and bring out all facets of the business besides the

shape of the business. These immersion sessions provide a good

understanding of the business to the Independent Directors.

Similar immersion sessions are also convened for various functions

of the Company. These sessions are also an opportunity for the

Board to interact with the next level of management. To make

these sessions meaningful and insightful, pre-reads are circulated

in advance. Deep dive sessions are also organised on specific

subjects for better appreciation by the Board of its impact on the

business. There are opportunities for Independent Directors to

interact amongst themselves every quarter. Many themes for such

immersion sessions come through on account of these structured

interactions and meetings of Independent Directors.

The process of Board Evaluation also throws up areas where the

Board desires deep dive sessions.

Every year, a two day Strategy Board Meeting is organised generally

at a location where the Company has an office or an establishment.

It provides to the Board an opportunity to understand Company’s

footprint in that market and also interact with the Company’s

leadership and business teams in that market. The strategy session

focuses on the strategy for the future and covers all parts of the

business and functions, the course corrections, if any, required

to be undertaken and gives a good perspective of the future

opportunities and challenges.

Apart from the above, the Directors are also given an update

on the environmental and social impact of the business,

corporate governance, regulatory developments and investor

relations matters.

The details of training Programme attended by Independent

Directors is available on the website at https://www.hul.co.in/

investor-relations/corporate-governance/.

Board Evaluation

In terms of the requirement of the Act and the Listing Regulations, an

annual performance evaluation of the Board is undertaken where

the Board formally assesses its own performance with the aim to

improve the effectiveness of the Board and the Committees. The

criteria of performance evaluation of Board, its Committees and

Individual Directors forms part of the ‘Corporate Governance Code’

which is available on the website of the Company. For Independent

Directors, evaluation is carried out based on the criteria viz. the

considerations which led to the selection of the Director on the

Board and the delivery against the same, contribution made to

the Board / Committees, attendance at the Board / Committee

Meetings, impact on the performance of the Board / Committees,

instances of sharing best and next practices, engaging with top

management team of the Company, participation in Strategy

Board Meetings, etc.

During the year, Board Evaluation cycle was completed by the

Company internally which included the Evaluation of the Board as

a whole, Board Committees and Peer Evaluation of the Directors.

The exercise was led by the Chairman and: Managing Director of

the Company along with the

Managing Director, is attached and forms part

of this Report.

The Members of the Management Committee have made

disclosure to the Board of Directors relating to transactions

with potential conflict of interest with the Company. There were

no material, financial or commercial transaction, between the

Company and Members of the Management Committee that may

have a potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large.

All details relating to financial and commercial transactions where

Directors may have a pecuniary interest are provided to the Board

and the interested Directors neither participate in the discussion

nor vote on such matters.

The Company has complied with the requirements specified in

Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of the Regulation 46(2) of

the Listing Regulations.

No

funds

were

raised

through

preferential

allotment

or

Qualified Institutional Placement as per the Regulation 32(7A) of

Listing Regulations.

Disclosure on Website

Following information has been disseminated on the website of the

Company at www.hul.co.in;

1.

Details of business of the Company;

2.

Terms and conditions of appointment of Independent

Directors;

3.

Composition of various Committees of Boa rd of Directors;

4.

Code of Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior

Management Personnel;

5.

Details

of

establishment

of

vigil

mechanism

/

Whistle Blower policy;

6.

Criteria of making payments to Non-Executive Directors;

7.

Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions;

8.

Policy for Determining Material Subsidiaries;

9.

Details

of

Familiarisation

Programmes

imparted

to

Independent Directors;

10.

Policy for Determination of Materiality of Events;

11.

Policy for Dividend Distribution.

Fees paid to Auditors

The total fees for all services paid by your Company and its

Subsidiaries to M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, Statutory

Auditors and all the entities in the network firm / network entity of

which Statutory Auditors is a part during the financial year 2019-20

is ` 3.57 crores and estimated fees to be paid for the financial year

2020-21 shall be ` 4.89 crores.

Disclosure of Pending Cases / Instances of

Non-Compliance

There were no non-compliances by the Company and no instances

of penalties and strictures imposed on the Company by the Stock

Exchanges or SEBI or any other Statutory Authority on any matter

related to the capital market during the last three years.

The Company has been impleaded in certain legal cases related

to disputes over title to shares arising in the ordinary course of

share transfer operations. However, none of these cases are

material in nature, which may lead to material loss or expenditure

to the Company.

Commodity Price Risk / Foreign Exchange Risk

and Hedging Activities

1.

Risk Management Policy of the Company with respect

to the Commodities and Forex:

Commodities form a major part of the raw materials required

for Company’s products portfolio and hence commodity price

risk is one of the important market risks for the Company.

The commodities are priced using pricing benchmarks and

commodity derivatives are priced using exchange-traded

pricing benchmarks. Your Company has a robust framework

and governance mechanism in place to ensure that the

organisation is adequately protected from the market

volatility in terms of price and availability.

The Commodity Risk Management (CRM) team of Unilever,

based on intelligence and monitoring, forecasts commodity

prices and movements and advises the Procurement team

on cover strategy. A robust planning and strategy ensure

that Company’s interests are protected despite volatility in

commodity prices.

Your Company has managed the foreign exchange risk with

appropriate hedging activities in accordance with policies of

the Company. The aim of the Company’s approach to manage

currency risk is to leave the Company with the no material

83

82

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

Executive Director, Finance & IT and

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, 30th April, 2020

DIN : 06699923

DIN : 02743340

To

The Members of

Hindustan Unilever Limited

1.

This certificate is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement: letter dated 29th July, 2019.

2.

This report contains details of compliance of conditions of corporate governance by Hindustan Unilever Limited (‘the Company’) for

the year ended 31st March, 2020 as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clause (b) to (i) of regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and

E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

as amended from time to time (‘Listing Regulations’) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company with the National Stock

Exchange Limited and the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (collectively referred to as the ‘Stock exchanges’).

Management’s Responsibility for compliance with the conditions of Listing Regulations

3.

The compliance with the terms and conditions contained in the corporate governance is the responsibility of the Management of the

Company including the preparation and maintenance of all relevant supporting records and documents.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the

conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether the

Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations for the year ended

31st March, 2020.

6.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016)

(the ‘Guidance Note’) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’). The Guidance Note requires that we comply

with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms

that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion, and to the best of our information and according to explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has

complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

10.

The certificate is addressed and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose to enable the Company to comply

with the requirement of the Listing Regulations, and it should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly,

we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is

shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Akeel Master

Partner

Membership No: 046768

Mumbai, 30th April, 2020

ICAI UDIN : 20046768AAAAHI5591

Certificate of Compliance with the Corporate Governance

Independent Auditor’s Certificate on Compliance with the Corporate Governance

Requirements under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015

93

92

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

For S. N. ANANTHASUBRAMANIAN & Co.

Company Secretaries

ICSI Unique Code: P1991MH040400

S. N. Ananthasubramanian

Partner

FCS: 4206 | COP No.: 1774

Peer Review Cert. No. : 606/2019

Thane, 21st April, 2020

ICSI UDIN : F004206B000170306

95

94

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W – 100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Akeel Master

Aditya Narayan

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairman – Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 046768

[DIN: 00012084]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN : 00050516]

Suman Hegde

Group Controller

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

109

108

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W – 100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Akeel Master

Aditya Narayan

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairman – Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 046768

[DIN: 00012084]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN : 00050516]

Suman Hegde

Group Controller

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

111

110

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W – 100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Akeel Master

Aditya Narayan

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairman – Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 046768

[DIN: 00012084]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN : 00050516]

Suman Hegde

Group Controller

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Statement of Changes in Equity (continued)

for the year ended 31st March, 2020

113

112

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W – 100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Akeel Master

Aditya Narayan

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairman – Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 046768

[DIN: 00012084]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN : 00050516]

Suman Hegde

Group Controller

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Statement of Cash Flows (continued)

for the year ended 31st March, 2020

115

114

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W – 100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Akeel Master

Aditya Narayan

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairman – Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 046768

[DIN: 00012084]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN : 00050516]

Suman Hegde

Group Controller

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

159

158

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W – 100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Akeel Master

Aditya Narayan

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairman – Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 046768

[DIN: 00012084]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN : 00050516]

Suman Hegde

Group Controller

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Particulars

Note

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Year ended

31st March, 2019

INCOME

Revenue from operations

25

39,783

39,310

Other income

26

632

550

TOTAL INCOME

40,415

39,860

EXPENSES

Cost of materials consumed

27

11,976

13,707

Purchases of stock-in-trade

28

6,391

4,755

Changes in inventories of finished goods (including stock-in-trade) and

work-in-progress

29

(108)

12

Employee benefits expenses

30

1,820

1,875

Finance costs

31

118

33

Depreciation and amortisation expense

32

1,002

565

Other expenses

33

9,843

10,081

TOTAL EXPENSES

31,042

31,028

Profit before exceptional items and tax

9,373

8,832

Exceptional items (net)

34

(200)

(228)

Profit before tax from Continuing Operations

9,173

8,604

Tax expenses

Current tax

8A

(2,243)

(2,610)

Deferred tax credit/(charge)

8A

(166)

66

Profit after tax from Continuing Operations (A)

6,764

6,060

Profit/(Loss) from discontinued operations before tax

35A

(6)

0

Tax expenses of discontinued operations

35A

(2)

-

Profit/(Loss) from discontinued operations after tax (B)

(8)

0

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR (A+B)

6,756

6,060

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

Remeasurements of the net defined benefit plans

40C

(68)

(8)

Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified subsequently

to profit or loss

Remeasurements of the net defined benefit plans

8A

17

3

Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

Fair value of debt instruments through other comprehensive income

17C

(1)

2

Fair value of cash flow hedges through other comprehensive income

17C

(77)

Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified subsequently to

profit or loss

Fair value of Debt instruments through other comprehensive income

8A

0

(1)

Fair value of cash flow hedges through other comprehensive income

8A

40

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR (C)

(89)

(4)

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR (A+B+C)

6,667

6,056

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31st March, 2020

169

168

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W – 100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Akeel Master

Aditya Narayan

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairman – Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 046768

[DIN: 00012084]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN : 00050516]

Suman Hegde

Group Controller

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (continued)

for the year ended 31st March, 2020

A.

EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL

Note

Balance

As at 31st March, 2018

16

216

Changes in equity share capital during the year

0

As at 31st March, 2019

16

216

Changes in equity share capital during the year

0

As at 31st March, 2020

16

216

B.

OTHER EQUITY

Reserves and Surplus

Items of Other Comprehensive Income

Grand Total

Capital

Reserve

Capital

Redemption

Reserve

Securities

Premium

Employee

Stock

Options

Outstanding

Account

General

Reserve

Retained

Earnings

Other

Reserves

Employees'

Housing

Reserve

Export

profit

reserves

Remeasurements

of net defined

benefit plans

Debt

instruments

through Other

Comprehensive

Income

Cash

flow

Hedges

though

OCI

Total

Attributable

to owners of

the Company

Attributable

to Non-

controlling

Interest

Total

As at 31st March, 2018

4

6

127

29

2,301

4,581

9

50

0

(43)

1

-

7,065

20

7,085

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

-

6,054

-

-

-

-

-

-

6,054

6

6,060

Transfer to Employees' Housing

Reserve

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Other comprehensive income

for the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(5)

1

-

(4)

-

(4)

Total comprehensive income

for the year

-

-

-

-

-

6,054

-

-

-

(5)

1

-

6,050

6

6,056

Dividend on equity shares for

the year (refer note 37)

-

-

-

-

-

(4,546)

-

-

-

-

-

-

(4,546)

(8) (4,554)

Dividend distribution tax

-

-

-

-

-

(928)

-

-

-

-

-

-

(928)

-

(928)

Transfer to retained earnings

(refer note b below)

-

-

-

-

(2,187)

2,187

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Exercise of employee stock

options

-

-

15

(15)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Share based payment credit

-

-

-

10

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

10

-

10

As at 31st March, 2019

4

6

142

24

114

7,348

9

50

0

(48)

2

-

7,651

18

7,669

As at 1st April, 2019

4

6

142

24

114

7,348

9

50

0

(48)

2

-

7,651

18

7,669

Transition impact of Ind AS 116,

net of tax

-

-

-

-

-

(42)

-

-

-

-

-

-

(42)

(0)

(42)

Restated Balance as at

1st April, 2019

4

6

142

24

114

7,306

9

50

0

(48)

2

-

7,609

18

7,627

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended 31st March, 2020

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

171

170

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W – 100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Akeel Master

Aditya Narayan

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairman – Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 046768

[DIN: 00012084]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN : 00050516]

Suman Hegde

Group Controller

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Year ended

31st March, 2019

A

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Profit before tax

9,173

8,604

Adjustments for:

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

1,002

565

(Profit)/ loss on sale of property, plant and equipment

53

39

Government grant accrued (net)

(104)

(66)

Contingent Consideration true up for business combination

(26)

57

Finance Income

(492)

(307)

Dividend income

(1)

(1)

Fair value (gain)/loss on investments

(139)

(168)

Interest expense

118

33

Provision for expenses on employee stock options

2

10

Inventory written off net of Provision/(write back) for Inventory

138

134

Bad debts/assets written off net of Provision/(write back)

11

(2)

Mark-to-market (gain)/loss on derivative financial instruments

(12)

11

Cash Generated from operations before working capital changes

9,723

8,909

Adjustments for:

(Increase)/decrease in Non-Current Assets

(19)

(66)

(Increase)/decrease in Current Assets

471

(13)

(Increase)/decrease in Inventories

(331)

(195)

(Increase)/decrease in Non-Current Liabilities

56

278

Increase/(decrease) in Current Liabilities

234

(346)

Cash generated from operations

10,134

8,567

Taxes paid (net of refunds)

(2,505)

(2,767)

Profit from discontinued operations

(6)

0

Net cash (used in) / generated from operating activities – (A)

7,623

5,800

B

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Purchase of property, plant and equipment

(850)

(695)

Sale proceeds of property, plant and equipment

52

13

Purchase of Intangible assets

(12)

(72)

Contingent Consideration paid on business combination

(30)

(13)

Purchase of current investments

(36,090)

(74,365)

Sale of current investments

37,690

74,691

Investment in term deposits (having original maturity of more than 3 months)

(4,979)

(4,343)

Redemption/maturity of term deposits (having original maturity of more than 3 months)

5,658

4,056

Interest received

351

289

Dividend received from others

1

1

Net cash (used in) / generated from investing activities – (B)

1,791

(438)

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended 31st March, 2020

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

173

172

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited

Financial Statements

Reports

Overview:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W – 100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Akeel Master

Aditya Narayan

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairman – Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 046768

[DIN: 00012084]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN : 00050516]

Suman Hegde

Group Controller

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued)

for the year ended 31st March, 2020

NOTE 1 GROUP INFORMATION

Hindustan Unilever Limited (the ‘Company’) is a public limited company domiciled in India with its registered office located at Unilever

House, B. D. Sawant Marg, Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 099. The Company is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and

the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The Company is in the FMCG business comprising primarily of Home Care, Beauty & Personal Care and

Foods & Refreshment segments. The Company has manufacturing facilities across the country and sells primarily in India.

The Company and its subsidiaries (jointly referred to as the ‘Group’ herein under) considered in these consolidated financial statements are:

a) Subsidiaries

Name of the Company

Country of

incorporation Principal activities

Proportion (%) of equity interest

As at

31st March, 2020

As at

31st March, 2019

Unilever India Exports Limited

India

FMCG export business

100

100

Lakme Lever Private Limited

India

(i) Beauty salons

(ii) Job work business

100

100

Unilever Nepal Limited

Nepal

FMCG business

80

80

Pond's Exports Limited

India

Leather products business (primarily

exports)

100

100

Jamnagar Properties Private Limited

India

Real estate Company

100

100

Daverashola Estates Private Limited

India

Real estate Company

100

100

Levindra Trust Limited

India

Discharge trust business as a trustee

100

100

Hindlever Trust Limited

India

Discharge trust business as a trustee

100

100

Levers Associated Trust Limited

India

Discharge trust business as a trustee

100

100

Hindustan Unilever Foundation*

India

Not-for-profit Company in the field of

community development initiatives.

100

100

Bhavishya Alliance Child Nutrition Initiatives* India

Not-for-profit Company in the area of

social development issues

100

100

*These companies are private companies limited by shares formed under Section 25 of the Companies Act, 1956, now Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013. No

dividend can be proposed and paid to the shareholders by these companies. In the event of winding up or dissolution of these companies, after the satisfaction

of all its debts and liabilities, any property whatsoever shall be given or transferred to some other institution(s) having object similar to the objects of these

companies, to be determined by the members of the these companies at or before the time of dissolution or in default thereof by the High Court. The carrying

amount of the assets and liabilities included within the consolidated financial statements to which these restrictions apply is ` 5 crores (31st March, 2019:

` 4 crore) and ` 0 crore (31st March, 2019: ` 0 Crores) respectively.

On 24th February 2020, the Board of directors of the Company have approved the formation of a new wholly-owned subsidiary with an

authorised share capital of ` 2,000 crores. As at 31st March 2020, the Company is in the process of incorporating such subsidiary.

b)

Associates

Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, requires preparation of consolidated financial statement of the Company and of all

the subsidiaries including associate company and joint venture businesses in the same form and manner as that of its own. Indian

Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 28 on Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures defines Associate Group as an entity over which the

investor has significant influence. It mentions that if an entity holds, directly or indirectly through intermediaries, 20 per cent or more

of the voting power of the enterprise, it is presumed that the entity has significant influence, unless it can be clearly demonstrated

that this is not the case.

The Group holds investments in the below entities which by share ownership are deemed to be an associate company:

i)

Comfund Consulting Limited where the Group has 24% equity holding. This Company is currently dormant.

ii)

Aquagel Chemicals (Bhavnagar) Private Limited where the Group has 26% in equity and preference capital holding. This is a

Company engaged in Silica business.

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 | 175

174| Hindustan Unilever Limited:

Letter of credit and acceptances

6

12

309

236

NOTE 25 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Year ended

31st March, 2019

Sale of products

39,136

38,579

Sale of services

102

105

Other operating revenue

Income from services rendered

255

297

Others (including Government grant, scrap sales, export incentives, etc.)

290

329

39,783

39,310

Total Government grant recognised ` 171 crores (FY 2018-19: ` 173 crores).

Reconciliation of Revenue from sale of products & services with the contracted price

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Year ended

31st March, 2019

Contracted Price

45,204

43,971

Less: Trade discounts, volume rebates, etc.

(5,966)

(5,287)

Sale of products and Services

39,238

38,684

NOTE 26 OTHER INCOME

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Year ended

31st March, 2019

Interest income on

Bank deposits

284

236

Current investments

39

70

Others (including interest on Income tax refunds)

169

75

Dividend income from

Non-current investments

1

1

Fair value gain/(loss)

Investments measured at fair value through profit or loss*

137

164

Net gain on sale of investments

2

4

632

550

*Includes realised gain on sale of investment of ` 65 crores (31st March 2019 : ` 84 crores).

NOTE 27 COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Year ended

31st March, 2019

Raw materials consumed

9,306

11,090

Packing materials consumed

2,670

2,617

11,976

13,707

NOTE 28 PURCHASES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE

Year ended

31st March, 2020

Year ended

31st March, 2019

Purchases of stock-in-trade

6,391

4,755

6,391

4,755

193

192

Integrated Annual Report 2019-20 |

| Hindustan Unilever Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W – 100022

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Akeel Master

Aditya Narayan

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairman – Audit Committee

Executive Director

Membership No. 046768

[DIN: 00012084]

Legal and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN : 00050516]

Suman Hegde

Group Controller

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Mumbai: 30th April, 2020

Statement containing salient features of the consolidated financial statement of Subsidiaries /

Joint Venture

Part “A” : Subsidiaries

Sr.

No.

Name of the subsidiary

Unilever

India Exports

Limited

Pond's

Exports

Limited

Unilever

Nepal Limited

- Indian `

Unilever

Nepal Limited

- NPR

Lakme Lever

Private

Limited

Jamnagar

Properties

Private

Limited

Daverashola

Estates Private

Limited

Hindustan

Unilever

Foundation

Bhavishya

Alliance Child

Nutrition

Initiatives

Hindlever

Trust Limited

Levindra

Trust Limited

Levers

Associated

Trust Limited

(note i, ii and iii)

1

The date since when

subsidiary was acquired

26-06-1963

15-10-1998

22-06-1992

19-12-2008

16-10-2006

16-03-2005

19-12-2012

12-03-2015

01-04-1958

11-12-1946

11-12-1946

2

Reporting period

31-03-2020

31-03-2020

16/07/2019

(Ashad, 31, 2076)

31-03-2020

31-03-2020

31-03-2020

31-03-2020

31-03-2020

31-03-2020

31-03-2020

31-03-2020

3

Share capital

3

2

6

9

36

5

0

0

0

0

0

0

4

Reserves & surplus

177

(13)

127

204

177

(5)

(0)

4

0

(0)

(0)

(0)

5

Total assets

380

2

249

398

508

-

-

5

0

0

0

0

6

Total liabilities

200

13

116

186

295

-

-

1

-

-

-

-

7

Investments

5

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

8

Turnover

741

-

386

618

284

-

-

33

-

-

-

-

9

Profit / (loss) before

taxation

107

(6)

56

90

12

-

-

1

(0)

(0)

(0)

(0)

10

Provision for taxation

33

2

14

23

6

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

11

Profit /(loss) after taxation

74

(8)

42

67

6

-

-

1

(0)

(0)

(0)

(0)

12

Proposed Dividend

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

13

% of shareholding

100%

90%

80%

100%

100%

100%

76%

100%

100%

100%

100%

Notes: i) Converted into Indian Rupees at the Exchange rate INR 1 = 1.6 Nepalese Rupees.

ii) The financial statements have been audited by a firm of Chartered Accountants other than M/s. B S R & Co. LLP.

iii) The financial statements are as on 31st March, 2020.

Part “B” : Joint Venture - Nil

For and on behalf of Board of Directors

Sanjiv Mehta

Srinivas Phatak

Chairman and: Managing Director

Executive Director Finance & IT and CFO

[DIN: 06699923]

[DIN: 02743340]

Aditya Narayan

Dev Bajpai

Managing Director Sanjiv Mehta was

bestowed the Business Leader of the Year title at the Economic

Times Awards for successfully managing to grow the

Company in his six years at the helm, despite a tough macro-

economic environment

•

Our Chairman and: Managing Director Sanjiv Mehta received

the prestigious UN Women HeForShe Pin

•

Asian Centre for Corporate Governance & Sustainability

awarded our

letter mentioning the name and

address of the Member, self-attested copy of the PAN card,

and self-attested copy of any document (eg.: Driving License,

Election Identity Card, Passport) in support of the address of

the Member. Members holding shares in dematerialised mode

are requested to register / update their email addresses with

the relevant Depository Participants. In case of any queries /

difficulties in registering the e-mail address, Members may

write to levercare.shareholder@unilever.com.

8.

The Notice of AGM along with Annual Report for the financial

year 2019-20, is available on the website of the Company

at www.hul.co.in, on the website of Stock Exchanges i.e.

BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited

and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.

PROCEDURE FOR JOINING THE AGM THROUGH VC

/ OAVM:

9.

Members will be provided with a facility to attend

the

AGM

through

VC

/

OAVM

through

the

NSDL

e-voting system. Members may access the same at

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com under Members login by using

the remote e-voting credentials. The link for VC / OAVM will be

available in Members login where the EVEN of Company will

be displayed. Please note that the Members who do not have

the User ID and Password for e-voting or have forgotten the

User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the

remote e-voting instructions mentioned in the notice. Further

Members can also use the OTP based login for logging into

the e-voting system of NSDL.

10.

For convenience of the Members and proper conduct of

AGM, Members can login and join at least 30 (thirty) minutes

before the time scheduled for the AGM and shall be kept open

throughout the proceedings of AGM.

11.

Members who need assistance before or during the AGM with

use of technology, can:

-

Send

a

request

at

evoting@nsdl.co.in

or

use

Toll free no.: 1800-222-990; or

-

Contact Mr. Amit Vishal, Senior Manager, NSDL

at the designated email ID: evoting@nsdl.co.in or

AmitV@nsdl.co.in

or

at

telephone

number

+91-99202 64780; or

-

Contact

Ms.

Pallavi

Mhatre,

Manager,

NSDL

at

the

designated

email

ID:

evoting@nsdl.co.in

or

pallavid@nsdl.co.in

or

at

telephone

number

+91-75066 82281.

12.

Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and vote

at the AGM through VC / OAVM. In case any Institutional

Members, facing issues for participating in AGM can write to

levercare.shareholder@unilever.com.

13.

Please note that participants connecting from Mobile devices

or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot

Notice of Annual General Meeting

Notice is hereby given that the 87th Annual General Meeting of

Hindustan Unilever Limited will be held on Tuesday, 30th June, 2020

at 3.00 p.m. through Video Conference / Other Audio Visual Means,

to transact the following business. The venue of the meeting

shall be deemed to be the Registered Office of the Company

at Unilever House, B. D. Sawant Marg, Chakala, Andheri (East),

Mumbai – 400 099.

ORDINARY BUSINESS

1.

To receive, consider and adopt the audited financial

statements

(including

audited

consolidated

financial

statements) for the financial year ended 31st March, 2020 and

the Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon.

2.

To confirm the payment of Interim Dividend and to declare

Final Dividend on equity shares for the financial year ended

31st March, 2020.

3.

To

appoint

a

Director

in

place

of

Mr.

Dev

Bajpai

(DIN : 00050516), who retires by rotation and being eligible,

offers himself for re-appointment.

4.

To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Srinivas Phatak

(DIN : 02743340), who retires by rotation and being eligible,

offers himself for re-appointment.

5.

To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Wilhemus Uijen

(DIN : 08614686), who retires by rotation and being eligible,

offers himself for re-appointment.

SPECIAL BUSINESS

6.

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with, the provisions of

Sections 149, 150 and 152 and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), and the

Rules made thereunder, read with Schedule IV of the Act

and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing

Regulations’)

(including

any

statutory

modification(s)

or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force),

Dr. Ashish Sharad Gupta (DIN : 00521511), who was appointed

as an Additional Director of the Company with effect from

31st January, 2020, pursuant to Section 161 of the Act and

Article 145 of the Articles of Association of the Company

and who has submitted the declaration that he meets the

criteria for Independence as provided under the Act and the

Listing Regulations and who holds office upto the date of

this Annual General Meeting, be and is hereby appointed as

an Independent Director of the Company to hold office for a

term of upto 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from 31st

January, 2020 to 30th January, 2025.”

7.

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT in supersession of the resolution passed

by the Members at the Annual General Meeting held on

29th June, 2015 and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197,

198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies

Act, 2013, (‘the Act’) and Rules made thereunder (including

any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for

the time being in force) and Article 148 of the Articles of

Association, the Company be and is hereby authorised to

pay to its Directors (other than the: Managing

letter along with

self-attested copy of PAN Card and original cancelled cheque

through

email

at

levercare.shareholder@unilever.com.

The original cancelled cheque should bear the name of

the Member. In the alternative Members are requested to

submit a copy of bank passbook / statement attested by the

bank. Members holding shares in demat form are requested

to submit the aforesaid information to their respective

Depository Participant.

46.

Members can also provide their feedback on the shareholder

services of the Company using the ‘Shareholders Satisfaction

Survey’ form available on the ‘Investor Relations’ page

of the website of the Company at www.hul.co.in. This

feedback will help the Company in improving Shareholder

Service Standards.

Registered Office:

Unilever House,

B. D. Sawant Marg,

Chakala, Andheri (East),

Mumbai – 400 099

Mumbai: 4th June, 2020

By Order of the Board

Dev Bajpai

Executive Director Legal

& Corporate Affairs and

Company Secretary

FCS No: 3354 / DIN : 00050516

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT

Item No. 6

The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, appointed Dr. Ashish Sharad Gupta

(DIN : 00521511) as an Additional Director (Independent Director)

of the Company, with effect from 31st January, 2020 under Section

149, 150 and 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Article 145 of the

Articles of Association of the Company (Independent Director).

Dr. Gupta shall hold office upto the date of forthcoming Annual

General Meeting and is eligible to be appointed as an Independent

Director for a term upto (5) five consecutive years.

The Company has received notice under Section 160 of the

Companies Act, 2013 from Dr. Gupta signifying his candidature

as an Independent Director of the Company. The Company has

also received a declaration of independence from Dr. Gupta.

In the opinion of the Board, Dr. Gupta fulfils the conditions as

set out in Section 149(6) and Schedule IV of the Companies Act,

2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) for being eligible for his

appointment. Dr. Gupta is not disqualified from being appointed

as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013

and has given his consent to act as a Director. A copy of the draft: Letter of Appointment for Independent Directors is available for

inspection through electronic mode, basis the request being sent

on levercare.shareholder@unilever.com.

A brief profile of Dr. Gupta, including nature of his expertise, is

provided on page no. 229 of this Report.

The remuneration to Dr. Gupta shall be governed by the Differential

Remuneration Policy of the Company. The Board considers that his

association would be of immense benefit to the Company and it is

desirable to avail services of Dr. Gupta as an Independent Director.

Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolution in relation to

appointment of Dr. Gupta as an Independent Director for period upto

5 (five) consecutive years with effect from 31st January, 2020 for the

approval by the Members of the Company.

Except Dr. Gupta, being an appointee, none of the Directors or

Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is

concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution

set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at

Item No. 6 for the approval of Members.

Item No. 7

The Members of the Company, at the Annual General Meeting held

on 29th June, 2015, had approved the payment of remuneration

by way of commission on profits to Non-Executive Directors of

the Company upto a maximum of ` 300 lakhs in aggregate, to be

allocated in such manner as the Board may determine, from time

to time, with effect from 1st April, 2015 for a period of five years.

In line with the globally accepted governance practices, your

Company had adopted a ‘Differential In line with the globally

accepted governance practices, the Company had adopted a

‘Differential Remuneration Policy’ for Non-Executive Directors under

which the payment of remuneration is linked to their attendance

at the meetings of the Board or Committees thereof and also

depending upon their position in various Committees of the Board,

whether that of the

Managing Director of ICI India during 1996-2003

and then as its Non-Executive Chairman over 2003-2010. He

also served as the President and CEO of BHP Billiton India during

2005-2009.

Mr. Narayan is a B. Tech. from IIT Kanpur and also has formal

qualifications in Law. He was a Fellow in Interdisciplinary Sciences

at the University of Rochester, USA. He was a Commonwealth

Scholar at the Manchester Business School in 1991 and a Fellow at

the Aspen Institute, Colorado, USA in 1998.

Mr. Narayan joined the Board of the Company as an Independent

Director in 2001. He is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and

a Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of the Company.

Directorship in other Companies

Listed

Sanofi India Limited (Independent Director)

Membership / Chairmanship of Board Committees in

other Companies

Listed

Sanofi India Limited

- Audit Committee (Member)

- Nomination and Remuneration Committee (Member)

O. P. BHATT (DIN : 00548091)

Mr. O. P. Bhatt (69) is the former Chairman of SBI (State Bank of

India). In the 37 years that Mr. Bhatt served at SBI, he worked

on several important national and international assignments.

Mr. Bhatt led SBI through challenging times by capitalising on the

bank’s strengths. As Chairman of SBI, he was heading the largest

financial group in India, comprising, in addition to SBI, seven

associate banks, five international banking subsidiaries and nine

financial services Companies in India. Under his leadership, SBI

rose on the Global List rankings of Fortune 500.

Mr. Bhatt was nominated ‘Banker of the Year’ by Business Standard

and CNN – IBN Indian of the Year for Business in 2007. Mr. Bhatt was

Chairman of the Indian Banks’ Association. He has also been a part

of India’s eco-diplomacy as Member of the Indo - US, Indo - Russia

and Indo-French CEO’s Forum.

Mr. Bhatt holds a Graduate degree in Physics and a Post Graduate

degree in English literature (Gold Medal).

Mr. Bhatt was appointed as an Independent Director on the

Board of the Company in December, 2011. He is the Chairman of

the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee and Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee of the Company and a Member of the

Audit Committee and Nomination and Remuneration Committee

of the Company.

Directorship in other Companies

Listed

Tata Consultancy Services Limited (Independent Director)

Tata Steel Limited (Independent Director)

Tata Motors Limited (Independent Director)

Unlisted

Aadhar Housing Finance Limited (Director and Non – Executive

Chairman)

SANJIV MEHTA (DIN : 06699923)

Mr. Sanjiv Mehta (59) joined the Board of the Company in

October, 2013 as the Chief Executive Officer and Managing

Director. He was also appointed as the Executive Vice President of

Unilever South Asia. On 30th June, 2018, he was appointed as the

Chairman and: Managing Director of the Company and continued

his responsibilities for Unilever in South Asia. In May 2019 while

retaining his responsibilities for Hindustan Unilever and Unilever

South Asia, he was appointed as President of Unilever, South Asia

and Member of the Unilever Leadership Executive (ULE), which is

the global executive Board of Unilever. Mr. Mehta joined Unilever

in October, 1992.

Mr. Mehta has been with Unilever for 28 years and during the

last 18 years he has led businesses in different parts of the world

including South Asia, South East Asia, North Africa and Middle East.

He was

Managing Director of the Gujarat Industrial Development

Corporation and stints at senior levels in the Government of India

in the Cabinet Office, the Ministry of Petroleum, the Ministry of

Health & Family Welfare and the Ministry of Finance. He served as a

Secretary in the Ministry of Finance till his superannuation.

Dr.

Misra

has

represented

India

in

various

international

conferences, seminars and negotiations. Dr. Misra has been a

Member of the Advisory Council of the Asian Development Bank

Institute, Tokyo. He was also a Member of the Committee on Fiscal

Consolidation (Kelkar Committee) set up by the Finance Minister in

August, 2012 to chart out a road map for fiscal consolidation for the

Indian economy.

Dr. Misra graduated in Economics from St. Stephen’s College,

Delhi. He has a Master’s degree in Economics from the Delhi

School of Economics, a Master’s degree in Public Administration

from John F Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University,

USA and a Ph.D. from the Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi.

In recognition of exceptional academic strengths and leadership

qualities, Dr. Misra was designated as Lucius N Littauer Fellow of

1987 at Harvard University.

Dr. Misra was appointed as an Independent Director on the

Board of the Company in April, 2013. He is the Chairman of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and a Member of the

Audit Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

of the Company.

Dr. Misra does not hold any Directorship or Membership /

Chairmanship of the Board Committees in other Companies.

KALPANA MORPARIA (DIN : 00046081)

Ms. Kalpana Morparia (70) is Chairman of J. P. Morgan, South and

Southeast Asia. Ms. Morparia is a Member of J. P. Morgan’s Asia

Pacific Management Committee.

Prior to joining J. P. Morgan India, Ms. Morparia served as Vice Chair

on the Boards of ICICI Group Companies. She was a Joint Managing

Director of ICICI Group from 2001 to 2007. She had been with the

ICICI Group since 1975.

A graduate in law from Bombay University, Ms. Morparia has served

on several committees constituted by the Government of India.

She has also been recognised by several International & National

media for her role as one of the leading women professionals.

Ms. Morparia serves as an Independent Director on the Boards

of Dr. Reddy’s Lab. Ltd., Philip Morris International Inc. and Non-

Independent Director of J. P. Morgan Services India Private Limited.

She is also a Member of the Governing Board of Bharti Foundation.

Ms. Morparia was appointed as an Independent Director on the

Board of the Company with effect from 9th October, 2014. She

is a Member of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

of the Company.

Directorship in other Companies

Listed

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited (Independent Director)

Unlisted

J. P. Morgan Services India Private Limited (Non - Independent Director)

Membership / Chairmanship of Board Committees in

other Companies

Listed

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited

- Stakeholders Relationship Committee (Chairperson)

- Science, Techonology and Operations Committee (Member)

LEO PURI (DIN : 01764813)

Mr. Leo Puri (59) was the: Managing

