letter no. BM:PKR:24:20 dated 20th May 2020 regarding, inter-alia, convening of the 61st Annual

General Meeting of the Company (“61st AGM”) on Friday, 19th June 2020 through Video Conferencing/Other Audio Visual

Means (VC/OAVM) Facility.

Please find enclosed electronic copy of the Notice of the 61st AGM and the Annual Report for the year 2019 including the

Audited Financial Statements for the year ended 31st December 2019 (“Annual Report”), being sent by email to those

Members whose email addresses are registered with the Company/Depository Participant(s). The requirements of

sending physical copy of the Notice of the AGM and Annual Report to the Members have been dispensed with vide MCA

Circular/s and SEBI Circular. The Notice of the 61st AGM and the Annual Report are also being uploaded on the website

of the Company at www.nestle.in and we request you to also upload them on your website www.bseindia.com.

Also, further to the Newspaper Advertisements regarding 61st AGM through VC/OAVM Facility which was submitted to

BSE Limited vide our: letter no. BM:PKR:25:20 dated 22nd May 2020, Members of the Company holding shares in physical

form who have not registered their email addresses with the Company can obtain the Notice of the 61st AGM, Annual

Report and/or login details for joining the 61st AGM through VC/OAVM facility including e-voting, by sending scanned

copy of signed request letter mentioning your name, folio number and complete address; self-attested scanned copy of

the PAN Card and any document (such as AADHAR Card, Driving Licence, Election Identity Card, Passport) in support

of the address of the Member as registered with the Company, to the email address of the Company at

investor@in.nestle.com. Members holding shares in demat form can update their email address with their Depository

Participant.

Further, in terms of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies (Management &

Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended), the Company has fixed 12th June 2020 as the cut-off date to determine the

eligibility of the members to cast their vote by electronic means and e-Voting during the 61st AGM scheduled to be held

on Friday, 19th June 2020 through VC/OAVM Facility.

Please take the same on record.

Thanking you,

Yours truly,

NESTLÉ INDIA LIMITED

B. MURLI

SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT- LEGAL & COMPANY SECRETARY

Managing Director of the Company for another term of five

consecutive years effective from 1st August 2020 until 31st July 2025 on the terms and conditions of re-appointment and remuneration as

contained in the draft agreement, material terms of which are set out in the explanatory statement attached to this notice and the Board

of Directors be and is hereby authorized to alter and vary such terms and conditions of re-appointment and remuneration so as to not

exceed the limits specified in Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013, as may be agreed to by the Board of Directors and Mr Narayanan.”

6.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and any other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules,

circulars, orders and notifications issued thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being

in force), Mr David Steven McDaniel (DIN: 08662504), who has been appointed as an Additional Director of the Company by the Board

of Directors with effect from 1st March 2020 in terms of Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Article 127 of the Articles of

Association of the Company and whose term of office expires at the Annual General Meeting, be and is hereby appointed as a Director

and the period of his office shall be liable to determination by retirement of directors by rotation.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 203 and any other applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 and rules, circulars, orders and notifications issued thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof

for the time being in force), read with Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 and subject to the requisite approval of the Central

Government, the Company hereby accords its approval to the appointment of Mr David Steven McDaniel (DIN 08662504), as the whole-

time Director, designated as “Executive Director-Finance & Control and Chief Financial Officer” for a term of five consecutive years

effective from 1st March 2020 until 28th February 2025 on the terms and conditions of appointment and remuneration as contained in

the draft agreement, material terms of which are set out in the explanatory statement attached to this notice and the Board of Directors

be and is hereby authorized to alter and vary such terms and conditions of appointment and remuneration so as to not exceed the limits

specified in Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013, as may be agreed to by the Board of Directors and Mr McDaniel.”:

letter mentioning your name, folio number and

complete address; and ii) self attested scanned copy of the PAN Card and any document (such as Driving Licence, Bank Statement,

Election Card, Passport, AADHAR Card) in support of the address of the Member as registered with the Company; to the email

address of the Company investor@in.nestle.com.

b.

In case shares are held in demat mode, Members may obtain the login ID and password by sending scanned copy of (i) a signed

request: letter mentioning your name, DP ID-Client ID (16 digit DP ID + Client ID or 16 digit beneficiary ID); (ii) self attested scanned

copy of client master or Consolidated Demat Account statement; and (iii) self attested scanned copy of the PAN Card, to the email

address of the Company investor@in.nestle.com.

5.

Instructions for Members for participating in the 61st AGM through VC/OAVM are as under:

a.

Members will be able to attend the 61st AGM through VC/OAVM Facility through the NSDL e-Voting system at

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com under shareholders login by using the remote e-Voting credentials and selecting the EVEN for the

letter mentioning your folio number,

complete address, email address to be registered along with scanned self attested copy of the PAN and any document (such as

Driving Licence, Passport, Bank Statement, AADHAR) supporting the registered address of the Member, by email to the Company’s

email address investor@in.nestle.com

b.

For the Members holding shares in demat form, please update your email address through your respective Depository Participant/s.

9.

The Notice of the 61st AGM and the Annual Report for the year 2019 including therein the Audited Financial Statements for the year 2019,

will be available on the website of the Company at www.nestle.com and the website of BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com. The Notice

of 61st AGM will also be available on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.

10. The Register of Members and the Share Transfer books of the Company will remain closed from 13th June 2020 to 19th June 2020, both

days inclusive, for annual closing and determining the entitlement of the Members to the Final Dividend for 2019.

11. The Board of Directors has recommended Final Dividend of ` 61.00 per Equity Share of ` 10.00 each for the year ended 31st December

2019 that is proposed to be paid on and from 6th July 2020, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the 61st AGM. During the

year 2019, First Interim Dividend of ` 23.00 per equity share was paid on 15th May 2019; Second Interim Dividend of ` 23.00 per equity

share out of current year profits and a Special Interim Dividend of ` 180.00 per equity share out of accumulated profits of previous years

(surplus in the profit & loss account), both paid together on 23rd August 2019; and Third Interim Dividend of ` 55.00 per equity share paid

on 20th December 2019.

12. Pursuant to Finance Act, 2020, dividend income will be taxable in the hands of the shareholders w.e.f. 1st April 2020 and the Company

is required to deduct tax at source (“TDS”) from dividend paid to the Members at prescribed rates in the Income Tax Act, 1961 (“the

IT Act”). In general, to enable compliance with TDS requirements, Members are requested to complete and / or update their Residential

Status, PAN, Category as per the IT Act with their Depository Participants or in case shares are held in physical form, with the Company

by sending email to the Company’s email address at investor@in.nestle.com. For details, Members may refer to the “Communication on

TDS on Dividend Distribution” appended to this Notice of 61st AGM.

13. The dividend/s, if any, approved by the Members or declared by the Board of Directors of the Company from time to time, will be paid as

per the mandate registered with the Company or with their respective Depository Participants.

14. Further, in order to receive dividend/s in a timely manner, Members holding shares in physical form who have not updated their

mandate for receiving the dividends directly in their bank accounts through Electronic Clearing Service or any other means

(“Electronic Bank Mandate”), can register their Electronic Bank Mandate to receive dividends directly into their bank account electronically

or any other means, by sending scanned copy of the following details/documents by email to reach the Company’s email address

investor@in.nestle.com by 10th June 2020.:

letter mentioning your name, folio number, complete address and following details relating to bank account in

which the dividend is to be received :

i)

Name and Branch of Bank and Bank Account type;

ii)

Bank Account Number allotted by your bank after implementation of Core Banking Solutions;

iii)

11 digit IFSC Code;

b.

self attested scanned copy of cancelled cheque bearing the name of the Member or first holder, in case shares are held jointly;

c.

self attested scanned copy of the PAN Card; and

d.

self attested scanned copy of any document (such as AADHAR Card, Driving Licence, Election Identity Card, Passport) in support

of the address of the Member as registered with the Company.

For the Members holding shares in demat form, please update your Electronic Bank Mandate through your Depository Participant/s.

15. In the event the Company is unable to pay the dividend to any Member directly in their bank accounts through Electronic Clearing Service

or any other means, due to non-registration of the Electronic Bank Mandate, the Company shall dispatch the dividend warrant/ Bankers’

cheque/ demand draft to such Member, at the earliest once the normalcy is restored.

16. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 of the Act, Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer

and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”) read with the relevant circulars and amendments thereto, the amount of dividend remaining

unpaid or unclaimed for a period of seven years from the due date is required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection

Fund (“IEPF”), constituted by the Central Government. The Company had, accordingly, transferred ` 28,83,288/-, ` 33,43,770/- and

` 35,97,120/- being the unpaid and unclaimed dividend amount pertaining to Final Dividend 2011, First Interim Dividend 2012; and

Second Interim Dividend 2012, respectively, during the year 2019, to the IEPF.

The Company has been sending reminders to Members having unpaid/ unclaimed dividends before transfer of such dividend(s) to IEPF.

Details of the unpaid/ unclaimed dividend are also uploaded on the website of the Company at www.nestle.in. Members who have not

encashed Interim Dividend 2013 or any subsequent dividend declared by the Company, are advised to write to the Company immediately.

17. Pursuant to the provisions of IEPF Rules, all shares in respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed for seven consecutive years

shall be transferred by the Company to the designated Demat Account of the IEPF Authority (“IEPF Account”) within a period of thirty

days of such shares becoming due to be transferred to the IEPF Account. Accordingly, 5248 Equity Shares of ` 10/- each on which the

dividend remained unpaid or unclaimed for seven consecutive years, were transferred during the year 2019, to the IEPF Account, after

following the prescribed procedure.

Further, Members who have not claimed / encashed their dividends in the last seven consecutive years from 2013 are advised to claim the

same. In case valid claim is not received, the Company will proceed to transfer the respective shares to the IEPF Account in accordance

with the procedure prescribed under the IEPF Rules.

18. To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any change in address

or demise of any Member as soon as possible. Members are also advised to not leave their demat account(s) dormant for long. Periodic

statement of holdings should be obtained from the concerned Depository Participant and holdings should be verified from time to time.

19. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (PAN) by every participant

in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit the PAN to their Depository Participants

with whom they are maintaining their demat accounts. Members holding shares in physical form can submit their PAN details to the

Company.

20. In terms of the Listing Regulations, securities of listed companies can only be transferred in dematerialized form with effect from 1st April

2019. In view of the above, Members are advised to dematerialize shares held by them in physical form.

21. Electronic copy of all the documents referred to in the accompanying Notice of the 61st AGM and the Explanatory Statement shall be

available for inspection in the Investor Section of the website of the Company at www.nestle.in.

22. During the 61st AGM, Members may access the scanned copy of Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding

maintained under Section 170 of the Act and the Register of Contracts and Arrangements in which Directors are interested maintained

under Section 189 of the Act, upon Log-in to NSDL e-Voting system at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.

23. Details as required in sub-regulation (3) of Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General Meeting (SS-2) of

ICSI, in respect of the Directors seeking appointment/ re-appointment at the 61st AGM, forms integral part of the Notice of the 61st AGM.

Requisite declarations have been received from the Directors for seeking appointment/ re-appointment.:

Managing Director of the Company for a period of five consecutive years with effect from 1st August 2015 until 31st July 2020 was

approved by the shareholders by means of postal ballot / electronic voting (e-Voting) on 17th September 2015 and thereafter approved by

the Central Government on 29th October 2015.

Based on the intimation of Nestlé S.A., Switzerland under Article 118A and 106 of the Articles of Association of the Company which

continues to be in force, on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and subject to approval of the Members,

the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 13th February 2020, approved re-appointment of Mr Suresh Narayanan as: Managing Director of the Company for another term of five consecutive years effective from 1st August 2020 until 31st July 2025 on the

terms and conditions of re-appointment including remuneration as set out in the draft agreement for re-appointment.

Mr Suresh Narayanan, aged 60 years, holds a Master’s Degree in Economics from the Delhi School of Economics. He has a Diploma from

the IMD Program for Executive Development and has participated in the Nestlé Leadership Program of the London Business School. He

has over 35 years of rich and exhaustive experience in the FMCG Industry and has held senior management and top leadership roles in

leading global companies. Before his appointment as a Board Member of the Company, Mr Narayanan was

Managing Director, the Company will, subject to applicable laws and such sanctions and approvals as may be required,

pay remuneration to Mr Narayanan as provided herein above.

IV)

Other Terms:

Subject to the superintendence, control and direction of the Board of Directors, Mr Narayanan shall manage and conduct the

business and affairs of the Company. He shall not be paid any sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board or Committee thereof.

The appointment can be terminated by Mr Narayanan or the Company, by one party giving to the other 3(three) calendar months’

notice in writing or by payment of a sum equivalent to remuneration for the notice period or part thereof in case of shorter notice

or on such other terms as may be mutually agreed.

Given his expertise, knowledge and experience, the Board, considers the re-appointment of Mr Suresh Narayanan as: Managing

letter for appointment of Mr P R Ramesh as an Independent Non-Executive Director setting out the terms and

conditions shall be available in the Investor Section of the webstie of the Company at www.nestle.in.

The Board considers that his association would be of immense benefit to the Company and it is desirable to avail services of

Mr P R Ramesh as an Independent Non-Executive Director for a term of five consecutive years from 1st July 2020 to 30th June

2025. Mr P R Ramesh would bring with him immense experience to the Company in the areas of financial reporting and analysis,

accounting, business strategy, risk management, strategic planning, internal control and tax advisory. Accordingly, based on

recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board recommends Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item

No. 7 of the accompanying Notice of 61st AGM for the approval by the Members.

Except Mr P R Ramesh, being an appointee, none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives is

concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 7 of the accompanying Notice of 61st AGM.

Mr P R Ramesh is not related to any Director of the Company.

This Explanatory Statement together with the accompanying Notice may also be regarded as a disclosure under Regulation 36(3) of the

Listing Regulations and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) of ICSI.

II.

DETAILS OF DIRECTORS SEEKING APPOINTMENT/ RE-APPOINTMENT AS REQUIRED UNDER REGULATION 36 OF THE LISTING

REGULATIONS:

Re-appointment of Mr Martin Roemkens (DIN: 07761271) as a Director (Item No. 3)

In terms of Section 152(6) of the Act, Mr Martin Roemkens shall retire by rotation at the forthcoming AGM and being eligible offers

himself for re-appointment.

Mr Martin Roemkens was appointed as a Whole-time Director of the Company designated as “Director- Technical” for a period of five

years with effect from 1st April 2017. As per the terms of his appointment, his re-appointment at the AGM as a director retiring by rotation

would not constitute break in his appointment as a Whole-time Director, designated as “Director- Technical”.

Mr Roemkens is also a member of Risk Management Committee of the Company.

Mr Roemkens, aged 50 years, holds Bachelor of Engineering from the University of Western Australia. He has over 23 years of rich and

exhaustive experience in Technical and Production functions and has held senior management positions during his career.

Before joining the Company, Mr Roemkens was the Technical Manager in Nestlé’s North East Africa Region which he successfully led for

almost four years including developing the factories in Egypt to a world-class standard. He has also served as the Factory Manager of the

Moga Factory of the Company, one of the largest factories in the Region, from 2009 to 2012.

He is responsible for, amongst others, the management and conduct with respect to the technical areas of the Company including factory

operations.

Mr Roemkens is not a Director in any other Company in India. Except Mr Roemkens, none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

of the Company and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 3 of the

accompanying Notice of 61st AGM. He has attended all the Board Meetings (8) of the Company held during the year 2019.:

Managing Director of the Company (Item No. 5)

For the details of Mr Suresh Narayanan, please refer to the above Explanatory Statement in respect of the Special Business set out at

Item No. 5 of the accompanying Notice of 61st AGM pursuant to Section 102 of the Act.

Appointment of Mr David Steven McDaniel (DIN: 08662504) as Whole-time Director designated as Executive Director – Finance & Control

and CFO of the Company (Item No. 6)

For the details of Mr McDaniel, please refer to the above Explanatory Statement in respect of the Special Business set out at Item No. 6

of the accompanying Notice of 61st AGM pursuant to Section 102 of the Act.

Appointment of Mr Ramesh Prathivadibhayankara Rajagopalan (DIN: 01915274) as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company

(Item No. 7)

For the details of Mr Ramesh Prathivadibhayankara Rajagopalan, please refer to the above Explanatory Statement in respect of the Special

Business set out at Item No. 7 of the accompanying Notice of 61st AGM pursuant to Section 102 of the Act.

By Order of the Board

Date : 20th May 2020

B. Murli

Place : Gurugram

Senior Vice President - Legal

& Company Secretary:

Managing Director)

Rama Bijapurkar

(Non Executive Director)

Rajya Vardhan Kanoria

(Non Executive Director)

B. Murli

(SVP - Legal & Company Secretary):

Dear Shareholders,

Suresh Narayanan

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

(DIN:07246738)

Shobinder Duggal

- Executive Director - Finance & Control and CFO

(DIN:00039580)

Martin Roemkens

- Executive Director - Technical

(DIN:07761271)

Rama Bijapurkar

- Independent Non-Executive Director

(DIN:00001835)

Rajya Vardhan Kanoria - Independent Non-Executive Director

(DIN:00003792)

Roopa Kudva

- Independent Non-Executive Director

(DIN:00001766)

Rakesh Mohan

- Independent Non-Executive Director

(DIN:02790744)

Swati A. Piramal

- Independent Non-Executive Director

(DIN:00067125)

Suresh Narayanan

-

Chairman &: Managing Director

Shobinder Duggal

-

Finance & Control and CFO

Martin Roemkens

-

Technical

Amit Narain

-

Human Resources

Arvind Bhandari

-

Nutrition

Ashish Pande

-

Supply Chain

B. Kannan

-

Centre of Expertise - Sales

B. Murli

-

Legal & Company Secretary

Chandan Mukherji

-

Consumer Insights

Hari Nariani

-

ISIT/Nestlé Business Excellence

Nikhil Chand

-

Foods, Confectionery

Rashi Goel

-

Communications

Ravi Ramchandran -

Sales

Sanjay Khajuria

-

Corporate Affairs

Sunayan Mitra

-

Beverages

Sushrut Nallulwar

-

Nestlé Professional

Vineet Singh

-

Dairy

BOARD COMMITTEES:

(As on 31st December 2019)

AUDIT COMMITTEE

Rajya Vardhan Kanoria -

Managing Director,

which was for a period of five years from

1st August, 2015 is to expire on 31st July, 2020.

Mr Suresh Narayanan was also appointed as the

Chairman of the Company with effect from

29th October, 2015 in addition to his responsibility

as the: Managing

Managing Director of the Company. The

terms of reference of the Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee is provided in the

Corporate Governance Report. Your Company

has also formulated a Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy (CSR Policy) which is

available on the website of the Company at

https://www.nestle.in/investors/policies Annual

Report on CSR activities as required under the

Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy) Rules, 2014 has been appended as

Annexure 2 and forms part of this Report.

In terms of Section 135 of the Companies Act,

2013 read with Companies (Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 as amended

(“CSR Rules”) and in accordance with the CSR

Policy, during the year 2019, the Company has

spent above two percent of the average net

profits of the Company during the three

immediately preceding financial years. The

details are provided in the Annual Report on CSR

activities. In addition to the above, the Company

has been implementing societal activities since

many decades under umbrella of Creating Shared

Value activities which have not been reckoned for

arriving at the spends as per CSR Rules.

Some key initiatives that your Company has

been engaged in are as follows:

NESTLÉ HEALTHY KIDS Programme: The Nestlé

41

Nestlé India Limited I Annual Report - 2019:

Managing Director

Your Company has been able to operate

efficiently because of the culture of

professionalism, creativity, integrity and

continuous improvement in all functions and

areas as well as the efficient utilization of the

Company's resources for sustainable and

profitable growth.

The Directors hereby wish to place on record

their appreciation of the efficient and loyal

services rendered by each and every employee,

without whose whole-hearted efforts, the overall

satisfactory performance would not have been

possible. Your Directors look forward to the long

term future with confidence.

The Company maintained healthy, cordial and

harmonious industrial relations at all levels. Despite

severe competition, the enthusiasm and unstinting

efforts of the employees have enabled the

Company to remain at the forefront of the Industry.

Your Company continued to receive co-operation

and unstinted support from the distributors,

retailers, stockist, suppliers and others

associated with the Company as its trading

partners. The Directors wish to place on record

their appreciation for the same and your

Company will continue in its endeavor to build

and nurture strong links with trade, based on

mutuality, respect and co-operation with each

other and consistent with consumer interest.

Credit Rating

It is the highest rating and indicates a stable

outlook for the Company. The rating reflects

that the Company has serviced its financial

obligations on time. As regards the short term

facility provided by the bank, the Company has

been awarded the credit rating of A1+. The rated

instrument reflects strong degree of safety and

lowest credit risk.

The Company has been awarded AAA credit

rating for its bank credit facilities by CRISIL.

Trade Relations

Appreciation

46:

Managing Director

Chief Financial Officer

Sr. VP - Legal &

Membership No. - 092894

(DIN-07246738)

Company Secretary

13 February 2020

13 February 2020

Gurugram

Gurugram:

Managing Director

Chief Financial Officer

Sr. VP - Legal &

Membership No. - 092894

(DIN-07246738)

Company Secretary

13 February 2020

13 February 2020

Gurugram

Gurugram:

Managing Director

Chief Financial Officer

Sr. VP - Legal &

Membership No. - 092894

(DIN-07246738)

Company Secretary

13 February 2020

13 February 2020

Gurugram

Gurugram:

Managing Director

Chief Financial Officer

Sr. VP - Legal &

Membership No. - 092894

(DIN-07246738)

Company Secretary

13 February 2020

13 February 2020

Gurugram

Gurugram:

Managing Director

Shobinder Duggal, Director – Executive Director - Finance & Control and CFO

Martin Roemkens, Executive Director – Technical

Independent non-Executive Directors

Ashok Kumar Mahindra (Non- Executive Director upto 31 March 2019)

Rama Bijapurkar

Rakesh Mohan

R. V. Kanoria

Swati A. Piramal

Roopa Kudva

(v)

Employees benefit trusts where control exists

Nestlé India Limited Employees Provident Fund Trust

Nestlé India Limited Employees Gratuity Trust Fund

(b)

Nature of transactions

The transactions with the related parties have been entered in the ordinary course of business and are at arm’s length.

Year ended

31 December 2019

(` in million)

Year ended

31 December 2018

(` in million)

Holding companies:

(a)

Dividends

- Nestlé S.A

10,113.7

3,734.8

- Maggi Enterprises Limited

8,403.9

3,103.4

(b)

Expenses incurred

- Nestlé S.A

232.8

129.1

Fellow subsidiaries:

(a)

Sale of finished and other goods

- Nestlé Bangladesh Ltd

2,222.7

1,900.8

- Others

1,657.2

2,899.2

(b)

Sale of Property, Plant & Equipment

- Nestlé Bangladesh Ltd

9.3

-

- Nestrade S.A

-

11.3

(c)

Purchase of property, plant and equipment

- Nestlé Bangladesh Ltd

50.0

-

- Nestlé Dongguan Ltd.

28.8

-

- Nestrade S.A.

18.0

-

- Others

0.1

4.0:

Managing Director

Chief Financial Officer

Sr. VP - Legal &

Membership No. - 092894

(DIN-07246738)

Company Secretary

13 February 2020

13 February 2020

Gurugram

Gurugram:

Managing Director, Mr. Suresh Narayanan

comprised seven other directors, out of which five directors are Independent Non-Executive Directors including three women

directors. The tenure of the Executive Director – Finance & Control and CFO as Director ceased on 31st December, 2019. None

of the Independent Directors of the Company serves as Independent Director in more than seven listed companies and where any

Independent Director is serving as whole-time director in any listed company, such director is not serving as Independent Director

in more than three listed companies.

At the 60th Annual General Meeting held on 25th April, 2019, the shareholders approved the appointment of Ms. Roopa Kudva as

an Independent Non-Executive Director to hold office for a term of five consecutive years with effect from 1st January, 2019 to

31st December, 2023 and re-appointment of Mr. Rajya Vardhan Kanoria as an Independent Non-Executive Director to hold office

for another term of five consecutive years with effect from 13th May, 2019 till 12th May, 2024. During the year, shareholders

also approved the re-appointment of Mr. Shobinder Duggal as a Whole-time Director of the Company designated as “Executive

Director- Finance & Control and CFO” for the period from 10th May, 2019 until 31st December, 2019 by Postal Ballot.

During the year, the Board met eight times on 14th February, 2019, 15th February, 2019, 25th April, 2019, 14th May, 2019,

19th July, 2019, 2nd August, 2019, 8th November, 2019 and 3rd December, 2019. The maximum gap between any two Board

Meetings was less than one hundred and twenty days. All material information was circulated to the directors before the

meeting or placed at the meeting, including minimum information required to be made available to the Board as prescribed under

Part-A of Schedule II of sub-regulation 7 of Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations. During the year, a separate meeting of the

Independent Directors was held on 14th February, 2019 without the attendance of non-independent directors and members of the

management. All Independent Directors attended the said meeting.

The Company has proper online systems to enable the Board to review on a half yearly basis compliance reports of all laws

applicable to the Company, as prepared by the Company as well as to assess the steps taken by the Company to rectify instances

of non-compliances, if any.

The Company has familiarisation programme for Independent Directors with regard to their roles, rights, responsibilities in the

Company, nature of the industry in which the Company operates, the business model of the Company etc. The familiarisation

programme along with details of the same imparted to the Independent Directors during the year are available on the website of

the Company (web link: https://www.nestle.in/investors/directorsandofficers).

None of the Independent Non-Executive Directors held any equity shares or convertible instruments of the Company during the

financial year ended 31st December, 2019. None of the Directors had any relationships inter-se.

The Independent Directors provide an annual confirmation that they meet the criteria of independence.

Based on the confirmations / disclosures received from the Independent Directors and a certificate from M/s. S.N.

Ananthasubramanian & Co., Practising Company Secretary (Registration No. 1774) and Secretarial Auditors of the Company, in

terms of Regulation 25(9) of the Listing Regulations, the Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors fulfil the criteria

or conditions specified under the Act and under the Listing Regulations and are independent from the management.

During the year, none of the Independent Directors of the Company had resigned before the expiry of their respective tenure(s).

The core skills / expertise / competencies as identified by the Board of Directors as required in the context of the Company’s

business(es) and sector(s) for it to function effectively and those actually available with the Board are given below:

(a)

Business & Strategy: Consumer insight & marketing; Technical & R&D (including nutrition & food science); Economic issues

/ Macro Economic Trends / Interpreting national policies; E-commerce, digital & new technologies and M&A;

(b)

Operations: Sales & Customer Management; Operation Management & Risk Mitigation; Finance & Treasury and Audit;

(c)

Environment: Sustainability (water, sanitation, community development, nutrition) under Creating Shared Value / CSR;

Scientific & Regulatory Affairs; Media, local interactions and Environment assessment; Climate change and

(d)

Other enablers: Innovation Management; Human Resource & Talent; Communications; General Management and Board

Governance.:

Managing Director declares that the members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have

affirmed compliance with the Code during the year 2019.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The powers, role and terms of reference of the Audit Committee covers the areas as contemplated under Section 177 of the Act

and Regulation 18 of Listing Regulations, as applicable, besides other terms as referred by the Board of Directors.

The powers include investigating any activity within its terms of reference as specified by the Board and seeking information

from any employee, obtain professional advice from external sources, secure attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise, if

considered required and have full access to information contained in the records of the Company.

The role includes oversight of Company’s financial reporting process and disclosure of financial information to ensure that the

financial statements are correct, sufficient and credible; recommending the appointment, re-appointment, remuneration and

terms of appointment of auditors and approval of payment for any other services rendered by statutory auditors; reviewing with

the management quarterly results and annual financial statements before submission to the Board for approval; approval or any

subsequent modification of any transactions of the Company with related parties; review and monitor the auditor’s independence

and performance and effectiveness of audit process; scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments, if any; evaluation of

internal financial controls and risk management system; reviewing the functioning of the vigil mechanism / whistle blower policy;

reviewing the internal controls to ensure compliance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015 (“PIT Regulations”) and verifying that the system for internal control under PIT Regulations are adequate and

are operating effectively.

The Committee mandatorily reviews information such as internal audit reports related to internal control weakness, management

discussion and analysis of financial condition and result of operations, statement of significant related party transactions and such

other matters as prescribed.

During the year 2019, Mr. Rajya Vardhan Kanoria, Independent Non-Executive Director was appointed as the Chairman of Audit

Committee, effective from 1st April, 2019, in place of Mr. Ashok Kumar Mahindra, who ceased to be a member of the Audit

Committee upon his retirement as a Director of the Company. The Audit Committee was reconstituted and Ms. Roopa Kudva,

Independent Non-Executive Director, was appointed as member of the Audit Committee with effect from 14th February, 2019.

Dr. Rakesh Mohan, Independent Non-Executive Director is other member of the Committee. All members of the Audit Committee

are financially literate and have related financial management expertise by virtue of their comparable experience and background.

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Committee. The Executive Director - Finance & Control and CFO, Head

of Internal Control and Costing, Head of Financial Accounting and Reporting and Deputy Company Secretary are permanent

invitees to the Meetings of the Audit Committee. The Chief Internal Auditor, the concerned partners/authorised representatives

of Statutory Auditors and Cost Auditors are also invited to the meetings of the Audit Committee.

During the year, the Audit Committee met four times on 14th February, 2019, 14th May, 2019, 2nd August, 2019 and

8th November, 2019 and all members of the Committee attended the aforesaid meetings except Mr. Rajya Vardhan Kanoria who

was granted leave of absence for the meeting held on 14th May, 2019 and 8th November, 2019. The maximum gap between any

two meetings was less than one hundred and twenty days.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The powers, role and terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee covers the areas as contemplated

under Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations, besides other terms as referred by the Board of

Directors. The role includes formulation of criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director

and recommending to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration for the directors, key managerial personnel and other

employees; formulation of criteria for evaluation of Independent Directors and the Board; devising a policy on diversity of Board of

Directors; and identification of persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management

in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommending to the Board their appointment, removal and noting their cessation;

recommendation on extension or continuation of the terms of appointment of the Independent Directors; and recommendation to

the Board of all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management.:

Managing Director and Head of Human Resources

and Deputy Company Secretary are permanent invitees to the meetings of the Committee. The Company Secretary acts as the

Secretary to the Committee.

During the year, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee met thrice on 14th February, 2019, 25th April, 2019 and

8th November, 2019 and all members of the Committee attended the aforesaid meetings except Mr. Rajya Vardhan Kanoria, who

was granted leave of absence for the meeting held on 8th November, 2019.

Performance Evaluation

The criteria for performance evaluation covers the areas relevant to the functioning as Independent Directors such as preparation,

participation, conduct and effectiveness. The performance evaluation of Independent Directors was done by the entire Board of

Directors and in the evaluation of the Directors, the Directors being evaluated had not participated.

Remuneration of Directors for 2019

(` in Millions)

Name of the Director

Sitting Fee

Salaries and

Allowances

Perquisites

Company’s

Contribution

to PF

Commission and

Performance Linked

Incentive

Total

Mr. Suresh Narayanan1

N.A.

74.23

55.19

2.91

29.39

161.72

Mr. Shobinder Duggal1 $

N.A.

16.57

20.60

0.00

9.69

46.86

Mr. Martin Roemkens1

N.A.

33.50

10.34

1.13

9.34

54.31

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar

0.83

-

-

-

1.30@

2.13

Mr. Rajya Vardhan Kanoria

0.90

-

-

-

1.30@

2.20

Ms. Roopa Kudva

1.15

1.30@

2.45

Mr. Ashok Kumar Mahindra*

0.23

-

-

-

0.32@

0.55

Dr. Rakesh Mohan

1.18

-

-

-

1.30@

2.48

Dr. Swati A. Piramal

0.65

-

-

-

1.30@

1.95

1 The Company enters into service contracts with all executive directors for a period of 5 years. The notice period is of three months and the severance fee is

the sum equivalent to remuneration for the notice period or part thereof in case of shorter notice.

@ Represents Commission for the year ended 31st December, 2019 which will be paid, subject to deduction of tax after adoption of the accounts by the

shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.

$ Ceased to be Director on 31st December, 2019.

* Ceased to be Director on 31st March, 2019.

Sitting fee indicated above also includes payment for Board-level committee meetings.

The above remuneration of Executive Directors does not include payment of pension and gratuity and provision for incremental

liability on account of pension, gratuity, compensated absences and long service awards since actuarial valuation is done for the

Company as a whole. The terms of employment of Executive Directors are governed by the applicable policies at the relevant

point in time. Commission is subject to adequate profits being earned. A fair portion of the Executive Director’s Performance

Linked Incentive is linked to Company’s performance. This creates alignment with the strategy and business priorities to enhance

shareholder value. The total reward package for Executive Directors is intended to be market competitive with strong linkage to

performance in line with Company’s Remuneration Policy.

The non-executive directors are paid remuneration based on their contribution and current trends. Sitting fee is paid for attending

each meeting of the Board and Committees thereof. Additionally, the non-executive directors are entitled to remuneration upto

an aggregate limit of one percent per annum of the net profits of the Company, provided that none of the non-executive directors

shall receive individually a sum exceeding ` 25,00,000/- (Rupees twenty five lakhs only), as approved by the members at the

Annual General Meeting held on 10th May, 2018. Within the aforesaid limit, the commission payable is determined by the Board of

Directors and equal amount of commission is payable to Independent Non-Executive Directors on a pro-rata basis. During the year

under review, remuneration of non-executive directors was approved by the Board of Directors with the interested non-executive

directors, not participating or voting, as per the terms approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.:

Managing Director include, inter-alia, Leave Travel and payments for the Restricted

Stock Units/ Performance Stock Units of Nestlé S.A. vested during the year equal to the market value of the underlying shares

on the date of vesting.

As required, a brief profile and other particulars of the Director seeking appointment is given in the Notice of the 61st Annual

General Meeting forms part of the Report.

STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee oversees, inter-alia, redressal of shareholder and investor grievances, transfer/

transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report or declared dividend, issue of duplicate shares, exchange of new design

share certificates, recording dematerialisation/ rematerialization of shares and related matters. The roles and responsibilities of

the Stakeholders Relationship Committee are as prescribed under Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 20

of the Listing Regulations.

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar, Independent Non-Executive Director is the Chairperson of the Committee and Mr. Rajya Vardhan Kanoria,

Independent Non-Executive Director is the other member of the Committee. Mr. Martin Roemkens, Executive Director – Technical,

has been appointed as Member of the Committee effective from 1st January, 2020, post cessation of tenure of Mr. Shobinder

Duggal as Director of the Company effective from 31st December, 2019. Mr. B. Murli, Director – Legal & Company Secretary acts

as the Compliance Officer to the Committee.

The Committee met four times during the year on 14th February, 2019, 14th May, 2019, 2nd August, 2019 and 8th November,

2019. All members of the Committee attended the aforesaid meetings except Mr. Rajya Vardhan Kanoria, who was granted leave

of absence for the meeting held on 14th May, 2019 and 8th November, 2019.

During the year, 12 complaints were received from shareholders and investors. All the complaints have been resolved to the

satisfaction of the complainants and no investor complaint was pending at the beginning or at the end of the year. Pursuant to a

Circular dated 27th March, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) had effective from 1st April, 2019 mandated

transfer of shares only in dematerialized form except where the claim is lodged for transmission or transposition of shares or

where the transfer deed(s) was lodged prior 1st April, 2019 and returned due to deficiency in the document. The Company has

acted upon all valid requests for share transfer received during 2019.

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

The roles and responsibilities of the Risk Management Committee are as prescribed under Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations

and includes monitoring and reviewing of risk management plan on a quarterly basis and reporting the same to the Board of

Directors periodically as it may deem fit, in addition to any other terms as may be referred by the Board of Directors, from time

to time.

The Committee comprised of Mr. Shobinder Duggal, Executive Director – Finance & Control and Chief Financial Officer as

Chairman, Mr. Martin Roemkens, Executive Director- Technical and Mr. Anurag Dikshit, AVP –Treasury and M&A as other

members of the Committee. The Committee was reconstituted effective from 1st January, 2020. Mr. Suresh Narayanan, Chairman

and: Managing Director, has been appointed as the

Managing Director are

members of the Committee. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Committee.

The Committee met twice during the year on 14th February, 2019 and 2nd August, 2019. All the members attended the said

meetings except Ms. Rama Bijapurkar who was granted leave of absence for the meeting held on 2nd August, 2019.

CEO/ CFO CERTIFICATION

The Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director of

the Company; and (e) Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Chief Internal Auditor of the Company reports to the Executive Director

– Finance and Control & CFO and has direct access to the Audit Committee.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Date : 13th February, 2020

Suresh Narayanan

Place : Gurugram

Chairman and: Managing Director

@

In view of the continuing Covid-19 pandemic, the Company postponed the 61st AGM; the Annual Book Closure Date and

payment date for Final Dividend. Further, Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide its Circular 20/2020 dated 5th May, 2020 and

Securities and Exchange Board of India vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated 12th May, 2020,

interalia, permitted conduct of Annual General Meeting through VC/OAVM facility. Consequent to the above developments,

the relevant information has been updated in the “GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION SECTION” of the Corporate

Governance Report for the year ended 31st December, 2019:

Annual General Meeting

Day, Date and Time

:

Friday, 19th June, 2020, at 10:00 am

Venue

:

Annual General Meeting through Video Conferencing/ Other Audio Visual

Means (VC/OAVM facility)

[Deemed Venue for Meeting: Registered Office: 100/101, World Trade

Centre, Barakhamba Lane, New Delhi 110 001]

Financial Calendar, 2020 (tentative)

First Quarter Results

:

12th May, 2020

Second Quarter and Half-yearly Results

:

First week of August, 2020

Third Quarter Results

:

Fourth week of October, 2020

Annual Results

:

February / March, 2021

Financial Year

:

1st January to 31st December

Annual Book Closure

:

13th June, 2020 to 19th June, 2020 (both days inclusive)

Dividend payments: Final Dividend of ` 61.00 per equity share has been recommended by the Board of Directors and subject

to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting is proposed to be paid on and from 6th July, 2020

(payment date).

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Date : 12th May, 2020

Suresh Narayanan

Place : Gurugram

letter dated 2 August 2018.

2.

We, BSR & Co LLP, the Statutory Auditors of Nestlé India Limited have examined the compliance of conditions of corporate

governance by Nestlé India Limited (‘the Company’) for the year ended 31 December 2019 as stipulated in Regulations 17-

27, clause (b) to (i) of Regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) pursuant to the Listing

Agreement of the Company with the stock exchange.

Management’s Responsibility for compliance with the conditions of Listing Regulations

3.

The compliance with the terms and conditions contained in the corporate governance is the responsibility of the Management

of the Company. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures

to ensure compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring

the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether the

Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year ended

31 December 2019.

6.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued

by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”). The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical

requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) I, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services

Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion, and to the best of our information and according to explanations given to us, we certify that the Company

has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on Use

10. The certificate is addressed to and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose to enable the Company

to comply with requirement of aforesaid Regulations, and should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose.

Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to

whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No.: 101248W/W-100022

Jiten Chopra

Place : Gurugram

Partner

Date : 13 February, 2020

Membership No.: 092894

UDIN: 20092894AAAABW6215:

Managing Director

Responsibility Committee

Place : Gurugram

Place : Mumbai:

Managing Director:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

For S. N. ANANTHASUBRAMANIAN & CO.

Company Secretaries

ICSI Unique Code : P1991MH040400

S. N. ANANTHASUBRAMANIAN

Date : 06th February, 2020

Partner

Place : Thane

FCS No. 4206, CoP No.: 1774

Peer Review Cert. No.: 606/2019

ICSI UDIN : F004206B000127076:

letter.

Management’s Responsibility:

1.

It is the responsibility of management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and

operate effectively.

Auditor’s Responsibility:

2.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the Company

with respect to secretarial compliances.

3.

We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company’s management is adequate and appropriate for

us to provide a basis for our opinion.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management’s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

Disclaimer:

5.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted affairs of the Company.

6.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

For S. N. ANANTHASUBRAMANIAN & CO.

Company Secretaries

ICSI Unique Code : P1991MH040400

S. N. ANANTHASUBRAMANIAN

Date : 06th February, 2020

Partner

Place : Thane

FCS No. 4206, CoP No.: 1774

Peer Review Cert. No.: 606/2019

ICSI UDIN : F004206B000127076:

Managing Director:

Managing Director

140 : 1

Mr. Martin Roemkens

Executive Director - Technical

47 : 1

Mr. Shobinder Duggal@ Executive Director - Finance & Control and CFO

41 : 1

* Employees for the above purpose includes all employees excluding employees governed under collective bargaining.

# Since Independent Non-Executive Directors received no remuneration, except sitting fees for attending Board / Committee meetings and commission, the

required details are not applicable.

@ Ceased to be Director on 31st December, 2019.

ii.

The % increase in remuneration of each director#, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary or

Manager, if any, in the financial year:

Name of Employee

Designation

% increase in remuneration

Mr. Suresh Narayanan

Chairman and: Managing Director

45.0

Mr. Martin Roemkens

Executive Director – Technical

15.3

Mr. Shobinder Duggal@

Executive Director – Finance & Control and CFO

10.6

Mr. B. Murli

SVP – Legal and Company Secretary

20.5

#Since Independent Non-Executive Directors received no remuneration, except sitting fees for attending Board / Committee meetings and commission, the

required details are not applicable.

@Ceased to be Director on 31st December, 2019.

iii.

The % increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year: 9.13%.

iv.

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company: 7,649.

v.

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and

point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration: The median percentage

increase made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel was 9.13%, while the increase in the

remuneration of managerial personnel was 17.9%. These increases are a function of the Company’s market competitiveness

within its comparator group as ascertained through the detailed salary benchmarking survey the Company undertakes

annually. The increase during the year reflects the Company’s reward philosophy as well as the results of the benchmarking

exercise.

vi.

The key parameters for any variable component of remuneration availed by the directors: Variable Component is a critical

element of Total Rewards and delivers value for employees who deliver tangible results for the business, against agreed

targets. Employees including Key Managerial Personnel, Annual short-term Bonus is linked to both Company and Individual

Performance.

vii. It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Date : 13th February, 2020

Suresh Narayanan

Place : Gurugram

