Chairman's desk

Chairman’s Message

12:

letter of

appointment in accordance with the Guidelines

provided under the Act;

10.4 Developing a succession plan for the Board and

Senior Management and regularly reviewing the

plan;

10.5 Evaluating

the

performance

of

the

Board

members and Senior Management in the context

of the Company’s performance from business and

compliance perspective;:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

FOR DVD & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

Devendra Deshpande

FCS No. 6099

CP No. 6515

Place: Pune

Date: 07.07.2020

UDIN: F006099B000423956

ANNEXURE A:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

FOR DVD & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

Devendra Deshpande

FCS No. 6099

CP No. 6515

Place: Pune

Date: 30/06/2020

UDIN: F006099B000399393

ANNEXURE A:

Managing Director , Whole -time Directors and /or Manager

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/Manager

Total Amount

Mr. Vijendra Singh

Whole-time Director

Mr. Atul Chaturvedi

Executive Chairman

1

Gross Salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1)

of the Income-tax Act, 1961

29,440,908.00

29,500,008.00

58,940,916.00

(b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) of the Income- tax Act,

1961

-

-

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) of the

Income-tax Act, 1961

-

-

-

2

Stock Option

-

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

4

Commission

-

as % of Profit

-

-

-

others, specify

-

-

5

Others, please specify

-

-

Performance Linked Incentive

3,000,000.00

3,000,000.00

Arrears

-

-

Total

32,440,908.00

32,500,008.00

64,940,916.00

Ceiling as per the Act

Since the Company had incurred losses during the year 2018-19,

the remuneration paid is in accordance with Section II of Part II of

Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, after obtaining requisite

approvals of the shareholders of the Company:

Managing Director;

4.

Issue of upto 51,32,14,505 equity shares (FV Re 1 each) to the lenders pursuant

to debt restructuring exercise;

5.

Issue of upto 9,35,60,000 0.01% Redeemable Preference Shares (FV ` 100 each)

to the lenders pursuant to debt restructuring exercise;

6.

Issue of upto 4,50,00,000 0.01% Optionally Convertible Preference Shares (FV `

100 each) to the lenders pursuant to debt restructuring exercise;

7.

Issue of upto 5,850 0.01% Non-Convertible Debentures (FV ` 10 lacs each) to the

lenders pursuant to debt restructuring exercise.

B.

Other Disclosures

a.

Related party transactions: During

the year under review, there were

no

materially

significant

related

party transactions of the Company

which have potential conflict with the

interests of the Company at large.

b.

There were no instances of non-

compliance by the Company and no

penalties / strictures were imposed

on the Company by stock exchanges

/ SEBI / any statutory authority on

any matter related to capital markets,

during the last 3 years except as

mentioned below:

i)

The composition of Board of Directors

of the Company was not in compliance

with

Regulation

17

of

Listing

Regulations, 2015 with reference to

one woman director on the Board

of Directors of the Company, for

the period from 1st July 2018 to 8th

February 2019. The Company has paid

the requisite penalties to the stock

exchanges for the same.

ii)

Further, the meeting of the Board

of Directors for approval of the

Standalone

Unaudited

Financial

Results for the third quarter / nine

months ended 31st December, 2017

was held on 12th March 2018 i.e. after

the expiry of 45 days from the end

of the quarter, as prescribed under

Regulation 33 of Listing Regulations.

The Company has paid the requisite

penalties to the stock exchanges for

the same.

c.

Whistle blower policy / vigil mechanism:

Whistleblower

Mechanism

has

been

established for the employees to report to

the management about unethical behaviour,

mismanagement, actual or suspected fraud

or violation of the Company’s Code of

Conduct or ethics policy, that could adversely

impact the Company’s operations and

business performance. The Whistleblower

Policy is overseen by the Audit Committee of

the Board. No personnel have been denied

access to the Audit Committee pertaining to

the Whistle Blower Policy.

d.

Compliance with mandatory and non-

mandatory requirements: All mandatory

requirements

relating

to

corporate

governance

under

the

SEBI

(Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, have been appropriately

complied with except as mentioned in point

B above and the status of non-mandatory

(discretionary) requirements is given below:

(i)

The Board: Since the Company has an

Executive Chairman, the requirement

regarding non-executive Chairman is

not applicable;

(ii)

Shareholder Rights: The quarterly,

half-yearly

and

annual

financial

results are published in newspapers,

uploaded on Company’s website;

(iii)

Modified Opinion(s) in Audit Report:

The Auditor’s opinion on the Financial

Statements is unmodified;

(iv)

Separate posts of Chairperson and

CEO: Since the Company does not

have CEO, the requirement regarding

separate posts of the Chairperson and

CEO is not applicable; and

(v)

Reporting of Internal Auditor: The

Internal Auditor of the Company:

letter of intent received from

the debenture holder. Further, in respect of un-

listed NCD’s the Company did not have any dues to

debenture holders during the year.

(ix)

According to the information and explanations given

by the management, during the year Company

has not raised any money way of initial public

offer / further public offer / debt instruments

and term loans hence, reporting under clause (ix)

is not applicable to the Company and hence not

commented upon.

(x)

Based upon the audit procedures performed

for the purpose of reporting the true and fair

view of the financial statements and according

to the information and explanations given by

the management, we report that no fraud by

the company or no fraud / material fraud on the

company by the officers and employees of the

Company has been noticed or reported during the

year.

(xi)

According to the information and explanations given

by the management, the managerial remuneration

has been paid / provided in accordance with the

requisite approvals mandated by the provisions of

section 197 read with Schedule V to the Companies

Act, 2013.:

letter of support to the Company, to meet

shortfall in its normal trade related working

capital requirements up to the year ending

31st March 2021. The Board of Directors

of the Company has approved raising of

External Commercial Borrowings (ECB) from

the parent company to inter alia refinance

the Company’s existing debts, to meet the

Company’s working capital requirements

and general corporate purposes. Accordingly,

the Company management believes it will

be able to meet all its financial obligations,

on a timely basis, hence, the Company has

prepared the financial statements on going

concern basis (refer note 48).

II.

Summary of significant accounting

policies:

a.

Current versus non-current

classification

The Company presents assets and

liabilities in the balance sheet based

on current/ non-current classification.

An asset is treated as current when it

is:

o

Expected

to

be

realised

or intended to be sold or

consumed in normal operating

cycle

o

Held primarily for the purpose

of trading

o

Expected to be realised within

twelve

months

after

the

reporting period, or:

letter of credit

acceptances) whereby lenders such as

banks and other financial institutions

make payments to supplier’s banks

for

purchase

of

materials.

The

banks and financial institutions are

subsequently repaid by the Company

at a later date providing working

capital benefits. These arrangements

are in the nature of credit extended

in normal operating cycle and these

arrangements are recognized as

acceptances under trade payables.

Interest borne by the company on

such arrangements is accounted as

finance cost. Other financial liabilities

(including borrowings and trade and

other payables) are subsequently

measured at amortised cost using the

effective interest method.

Financial guarantee contracts

Financial guarantee contracts issued

by the Company are those contracts

that require a payment to be made

to reimburse the holder for a loss it:

Letter

of Purchase and Undertaking with inter alia FTL dated 24th September 2019 and with effect from 25th September 2019, sold its

entire stake in SRGVL i.e., 395,674,975 shares, representing a shareholding of 82.9% held by the Company, to FTL for consideration

of USD 21,000 (equivalent to INR 1 million). As a consequence of this sale, SRGVL and its step down subsidiaries ceased to be

subsidiaries of the Company with effect from 25th September 2019. The Company had created impairment allowance in previous

years of INR 18,245.25 million for the entire value of these investments. Accordingly, the Company has recognized a gain on sale

of investment of INR 1.49 million and has disclosed the same as exceptional items (refer note 36).

** The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 10th November, 2019 has given in principal approval for merger of

Gokak Sugars Limited with the Company, subject to necessary approvals.

# 697,700 equity shares pledged with IDBI bank towards working capital loan availed by the Company.:

letter of intent from

Life Insurance Corporation of India (debenture holders) on 11th October 2018. This: letter was accepted by the Company on 16th

October 2018. The Company has obtained approval of the shareholders for the aforesaid transaction vide special resolution

passed by postal ballot on 19th July 2019. The Company had received approval from stock exchange for modification in terms of

NCD issued, however as per the approval the same was to be completed by 13th Feb 2020. Since the restructuring agreement

has not been executed, the Company is in the process of seeking fresh approval from the stock exchange.

Note A: Repayment schedule of financial instrument is as follows:

a)

0.01% Optionally Convertible Preference Shares (OCPS) of INR 4,280.89 million, issued to lenders with

convertibility right at the end of 18 months in line with existing SEBI regulations. During the year, there has been

a modification in the tenure of the optionally convertible preference shares from the initial term of 18 months to

132 months. The Company has obtained the necessary approvals from Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI)

and the shareholders of the Company for extension of the tenure till 31st March 2029. Accordingly, the company

has recognised a gain of INR 2,888.63 million as Gain on modification of terms of OCPS and has presented the

same under exceptional items (refer note 36).

b)

0.01% Redeemable Preference Shares (RPS) of INR 7,439 million, carrying value as on 31st March 2020, INR

1,365.07 million redeemable in 40 structured quarterly instalments commencing from 30th June 2027.

c)

Term loans having maturity date of 31st March 2029 are repayable in 47 structured quarterly instalments

commencing from 30th September 2017.

d)

NCD issued to LIC are repayable in 20 structured quarterly instalments commencing from 30th September 2017.

e)

0.01 % NCD issued to lenders of INR 5,521 million (carrying value as at 31st March 2020: INR 2,721.50 million) are

repayble in 12 structured quarterly installments commencing from 30th June 2024.

f)

Term loans from IREDA having maturity date of 31st December 2020 and 31st March 2022 are repayable in 11 and

16 structured quarterly instalments respectively.

g)

Term loans from IFCI Limited (Sugar Development Fund ) having maturity date of 22nd February 2021 and 30th

September 2021 are repayable in 1 yearly and 3 half yearly instalments.

Letter of credits issued by the Company to the suppliers for purchase of materials. The arrangement is interest bearing and are

payable within one year.

For terms and conditions with related parties, refer to note 41 (B).

For explanations on the company liquidty risk management processes, refer to Note 43.

Trade payable includes liabilities in relation to Crop and H&T payables for which SRSL has provided corporate guarantee to ICICI

Bank, IDBI Bank, State Bank of India and RBL Bank.

*

The details of amounts outstanding to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises based on information available with the Company is

as under:

As at

31st March 2020

As at

31st March 2019

The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as

at the end of each accounting year

-

Principal amount due to micro and small enterprises

10.06

16.79

-

Interest due on above

0.01

0.34

Total

10.07

17.13

The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act 2006

along with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day

during each accounting year

-

-

The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which

have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the

interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006

-

-

The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting year

0.01

0.34

The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years,

until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise

for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under section 23 of the

MSMED Act 2006

0.01

0.34:

Managing Director (Till 30th June 2018)

5

Mr. Sunil Ranka - Chief Financial Officer (W.e.f. 4th May 2018)

6

Mr. Deepak Manerikar - Company Secretary (From 30th October 2018)

7

Mr. K.K.Kumbhat - Chief Financial Officer (Till 3rd May 2018)

8

Mr. Rupesh Saraiya - Company Secretary (Till 5th October 2018)

(f)

Additional related parties as per the Companies Act, 2013 with whom transactions have taken place

during the year

1

Mr. Jean-Luc Bohbot

2

Mr. Madhu Rao

3

Mr. Bhupatrai Premji

4

Mr. Dorab Mistry

5

Mr. Stephen Ho Kiam Kong

6

Mr. Bharat Kumar Mehta

7

Mr. Surender Kumar Tuteja

8

Ms. Priyanka Mallick

9

Mr. Rajeev Kumar Sinha (Nominee Director of IDBI Bank)

10

Mr. Kuok Khoon Hong

11

Mr. Narendra Murkumbi (From 1st July 2018 to 24th October 2019)

(g)

Relative of key managerial personnel (RKMP)

1

Mrs. Sangeeta Singh - DGM(Quality and Training) (Till 30th April 2018):

letter of support to the Group to meet

shortfall in its normal trade related working

capital requirements up to the year ending

31st March 2021. The Board of Directors

of the Company has approved raising of

External Commercial Borrowings (ECB) from

the parent company to inter alia refinance

the Company’s existing debts, to meet the

Company’s working capital requirements

and general corporate purposes (refer note

49). Accordingly, the Company management

believes it will be able to meet all its financial

obligations, on a timely basis, hence, the

Company/Group has prepared the financial

statements on going concern basis.

II.

Basis of consolidation:

The

consolidated

financial

statements

comprise the financial statements of the

Company and its subsidiaries for the year

ended and as at 31st March 2020. Control

is achieved when the Group is exposed,

or has rights, to variable returns from its

involvement with the investee and has the

ability to affect those returns through its

power over the investee. Specifically, the

Group controls an investee if and only if the

Group has:

-

Power over the investee (i.e. existing

rights that give it the current ability:

letter of credit

acceptances) whereby lenders such as

banks and other financial institutions

make payments to supplier’s banks

for

purchase

of

materials.

The

banks and financial institutions are

subsequently repaid by the Group

at a later date providing working

capital benefits. These arrangements

are in the nature of credit extended

in normal operating cycle and these

arrangements are recognized as

acceptances under trade payables.

Interest borne by the Group on

such arrangements is accounted as

finance cost. Other financial liabilities

(including borrowings and trade and

other payables) are subsequently

measured at amortised cost using the

effective interest method.

Financial guarantee contracts

Financial guarantee contracts issued

by the Group are those contracts

that require a payment to be made

to reimburse the holder for a loss it

incurs because the specified debtor

fails to make a payment when due

in accordance with the terms of a

debt instrument. Financial guarantee

contracts are recognised initially as

a liability at fair value, adjusted for

transaction costs that are directly

attributable to the issuance of the

guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is

measured at the higher of the amount

of loss allowance determined as per

impairment requirements of Ind AS

109 and the amount recognised less

cumulative amortisation.

Derecognition

A financial liability is derecognised

when the obligation under the liability

is discharged or cancelled or expires.

When an existing financial liability is

replaced by another from the same

lender

on

substantially

different

terms, or the terms of an existing

liability are substantially modified,

such an exchange or modification is

treated as the derecognition of the

original liability and the recognition

of a new liability. The difference in

the respective carrying amounts is

recognised in the statement of profit

or loss.

(c)

Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial

assets

and

financial

liabilities are offset and the net

amount is reported in the consolidated

balance sheet if there is a currently

enforceable legal right to offset the

recognised amounts and there is

an intention to settle on a net basis,

to realise the assets and settle the

liabilities simultaneously.:

letter of

intent from Life Insurance Corporation of India (debenture holders) on 11th October 2018. This: letter was accepted by the

Company on 16th October 2018. The Company has obtained approval of the shareholders for the aforesaid transaction

vide special resolution passed by postal ballot on 19th July 2019. The Company had received approval from stock

exchange for modification in terms of NCD issued, however as per the approval the same was to be completed by 13th

Feb 2020. Since the restructuring agreement has not been executed, the Company is in the process of seeking fresh

approval from the stock exchange.

Note A: Repayment schedule of financial instrument is as follows:

a)

0.01% Optionally Convertible Preference Shares (OCPS) of INR 4,280.89 million, issued to lenders with

convertibility right at the end of 18 months in line with existing SEBI regulations. During the year, there has been

a modification in the tenure of the optionally convertible preference shares from the initial term of 18 months to

132 months. The Company has obtained the necessary approvals from Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI)

and the shareholders of the Company for extension of the tenure till 31st March 2029. Accordingly, the company

has recognised a gain of INR 2,888.63 million as Gain on modification of terms of OCPS and has presented the

same under exceptional items (refer note 34).

b)

0.01% Redeemable Preference Shares (RPS) of INR 7,439 Million, redeemable in 40 structured quarterly

instalments commencing from 30th June 2027.

Letter of credits issued by the Company to the suppliers for purchase of materials. The arrangement is interest bearing and are

payable within one year.

For terms and conditions with related parties, refer to note 39

For explanations on the company’s foreign currency liquidty risk management processes, refer to note 43.

Trade payable includes liabilities in relation to Crop purchases and Harvesting & Transportation services for which SRSL has

provided corporate guarantee to ICICI Bank, IDBI Bank, State Bank of India, and RBL Bank.:

Letter of credit

-

38.31

37. Contingent liabilities

Liabilities classified and considered contingent due to contested claims and legal

disputes

As at

31st March 2020

As at

31st March 2019

Income Tax Demands

167.97

185.69

Excise and Service Tax Demands

1,224.45

1,215.34

Sales Tax/VAT Demands

33.14

28.18

GST

101.72

61.77

Customs Demand

2,133.00

2,132.86

Brazilian Taxes

-

3,501.83

Other Matters

316.72

7,864.20

Total

3,977.00

14,989.87

38. Defined Benefit plans

The Group has a defined benefit gratuity plan. The group’s defined benefit gratuity plan is a final salary plan for

employees, which requires contributions to be made to a separately administered fund.

The gratuity plan is governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Under the act, employee who has completed

five years of service is entitled to specific benefit. The level of benefits provided depends on the member’s length

of service and salary at retirement age. The fund has the form of a trust and it is governed by the Board of

Trustees. The Board of Trustees is responsible for the administration of the plan assets and for the definition of

the investment strategy.

Salary increases and gratuity increases are based on expected future inflation rates for the respective countries.

Risk to the plan

Following risks associated with the plan:

A.

Actuarial Risk

It is the risk that benefits will cost more than expected. This can arise due to one of the following reasons:

Adverse Salary Growth Experience: Salary hikes that are higher than the assumed salary escalation will

result into an increase in Obligation at a rate that is higher than expected.:

Managing Director. (Till 30th June, 2018)

4

Mr. Vijendra Singh - Whole Time Director.

5

Mr. Sunil Ranka - Chief Financial Officer. (From 4th May, 2018)

6

Mr. Deepak Manerikar - Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. (w.e.f. 30th October, 2018)

7

Mr. K.K.Kumbhat - Chief Financial Officer (Till 3rd May 2018)

8

Mr. Rupesh Saraiya - Company Secretary (Till 5th October 2018)

(f)

Additional related parties as per the Companies Act, 2013 with whom transactions have taken place

during the year

1

Mr. Jean-Luc Bohbot

2

Mr. Madhu Rao

3

Mr. Bhupatrai Premji

4

Mr. Dorab Mistry

5

Mr. Stephen Ho Kiam Kong

6

Mr. Bharat Kumar Mehta

7

Mr. Surender Kumar Tuteja

8

Ms. Priyanka Mallick

9

Mr.Rajeev Kumar Sinha (Nominee Director of IDBI Bank)

10

Mr. Kuok Khook Hong

11

Mr. Narendra Murkumbi (From 1st July 2018 to 24th October 2019)

(g)

Relative of key managerial personnel

1

Mrs. Sangeeta Singh - DGM. (Quality and Training) (Till 30th April 2018):

Letter of Purchase and Undertaking with FTL dated September 24,

2019. With effect from September 25, 2019, the Company sold its entire stake in SRGVL i.e., 395,674,975 shares,

representing a shareholding of 82.90% held by the Company, to FTL for a consideration of USD 21,000 (equivalent

to INR 1.49 million). As a consequence of this sale, SRGVL and its step-down subsidiaries ceased to be subsidiaries

of the Company with effect from September 25, 2019. The Group has accounted for the loss of control in SRGVL

and its step down subsidiaries in accordance with IND AS 110 “Consolidated financial statements”. Accordingly, a

gain of INR 29,299.26 million arising on account of loss of control has been recorded and has been disclosed as

an exceptional item.

With effect from September 25, 2019 the Group has considered the remaining investment in SRGVL as investment

in associates, since the Group exercises significant influence over SRGVL and the Brazilian operations due to

representation of certain members of the Company on the Board of Directors of two operational entities in the

Brazilian operations.:

letter dated 11th October

2018, in accordance with the provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI Regulations

and applicable laws.

(f)

The securities to be issued upon conversion

of NCDs shall be allotted within the period

prescribed under the relevant provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013, provided that

where the allotment is pending on account of

pendency of any regulatory, Stock Exchange

or Government of India (GOI) or other

statutory approval(s), as may be applicable;

the allotment shall be completed within

the prescribed period, after receipt of such

approval(s);

(g)

The allotment of RPS shall only be made in

dematerialized form;

(h)

The Board be and is hereby authorised to

decide and approve the other terms and

conditions of the issue of RPS, and shall

also be entitled to vary, modify or alter any

of the terms and conditions, as it may deem

expedient, subject however to compliance

with

the

Act,

the

applicable

Listing

Regulations, applicable SEBI Regulations

and other applicable laws and requisite

approval of the Lender(s) in their capacity as

allottees of the RPS (as applicable);

(i)

The Board be and is hereby authorised

to delegate all or any of the powers

herein conferred by this resolution to any

Director(s) or to any Committee of Directors

or employee(s) or officer(s) of the Company,

as it may consider appropriate, to give effect

to the aforesaid resolution;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of

giving effect to the above, the Board be and is

hereby authorized, in its entire discretion, to do

all such acts, matters, deeds & things and to take

all such steps and to do all such things and give

all such directions, as the Board may consider

necessary, expedient or desirable, including

without limitation, effecting any modification to the

foregoing (including any modifications to the terms

of the issue), to allot such number of securities in

one or more tranches to the lender pursuant to

this resolution, as may be thought fit or decided

by the Board, to prescribe the forms of application,

allotment, to enter into any agreements or other

instruments, and to take such actions or give

such directions as may be necessary or desirable

and to file applications and obtain any approvals,

permissions, sanctions which may be necessary or

desirable and to settle any questions or difficulties

that may arise and appoint consultants, valuers,

legal advisors, advisors and such other agencies

as may be required for the Preferential Issue of

the RPS without being required to seek any further

clarification, consent or approval of the members

and that the members shall be deemed to have

given their approval thereto expressly by the

authority of this resolution;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is

hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the

powers herein conferred by the above resolution to

any Director(s) or to any Committee of the Board or

any other Officer(s) of the Company to give effect to

the aforesaid resolution;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the

Board in connection with any matter(s) referred to

or contemplated in the foregoing resolution be and

are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed in all

respects.”

7.

Issuance of Equity shares on preferential basis

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following

resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to provisions of

Sections 42, 62 and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with

the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of

Securities) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Share

Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, the provisions

of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018, (the “SEBI ICDR Regulations”),

Securities & Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares & Takeovers) Regulations,

2011 (“SEBI Takeover Regulations”), Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (the

“Listing Regulations”), each as amended from time

to time, and any other applicable laws, rules and

regulations, circulars, notifications, clarifications,

guidelines issued by the Government of India, the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”)

and the stock exchanges where the shares of the

Company are listed (“Stock Exchanges”), or any

other authority / body and enabling provisions in

the Memorandum and Articles of Association of

the Company and subject to necessary approvals,

sanctions, permissions of appropriate statutory /

regulatory and / or other authorities and persons,

if applicable and subject to such conditions and

modifications as may be prescribed by any of

them while granting such approvals / sanctions /

permissions and / or consents, if any, and which may

be agreed by the Board of Directors of the Company:

letter in Form No. PAS-

4 together with an application form be issued to

the Proposed Allottee inviting it to subscribe to

the equity shares, and consent of the Members is

hereby accorded for the same;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice

to the generality of the above, the issue of equity

shares shall be subject to the following terms and

conditions:

(i)

The Company shall procure the listing and

trading approvals for the equity shares

proposed to be issued and allotted to the

Proposed Allottee from the relevant Stock

Exchanges in accordance with the Listing

Regulations and all other applicable laws,

rules and regulations.

(ii)

The equity shares to be offered, issued

and allotted to the Proposed Allottee will

be listed on Stock Exchanges, where the

existing equity shares of the Company are

listed, subject to the receipt of necessary

regulatory permissions and approvals as the

case may be;

(iii)

The equity shares shall be allotted to the

Proposed Allottee in dematerialized form

within a period of 15 days from the date

of passing of the special resolution by the

Members, provided that where the allotment

of the equity shares is subject to receipt

of any approval or permission from any

regulatory authority, the allotment shall be

completed within a period of 15 days from

the date of receipt of last of such approvals

or permissions.

(iv)

The equity shares to be offered, issued

and allotted to the Proposed Allottee shall

be subject to the provisions of applicable

law and the Memorandum and Articles of

Association of the Company and shall rank

pari passu in all respects, including with

respect to dividend and voting powers, with

the existing equity shares of the Company.

(v)

The equity shares issued as above shall be

locked-in as prescribed under the SEBI ICDR

Regulations from time to time;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is

hereby authorized to accept any modification(s) in

the terms of issue of equity shares, subject to the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI

ICDR Regulations, without being required to seek

any further consent or approval of the Members.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and

is hereby authorized to, do all such acts, deeds,

matters and things as it may in its absolute

discretion deem necessary or desirable to give

effect to the above resolution, including without

limitation to issue and allot equity shares, to issue

certificates/ clarifications on the issue and allotment

of equity shares, effecting any modifications to the

foregoing (including modifications to the terms of

the issue), entering into contracts, arrangements,

agreements, memoranda, documents to give effect

to the resolution above (including for appointment

of agencies, consultants, intermediaries and

advisors for managing issuance of and listing and

trading of Equity Shares), making applications

to Stock Exchanges for obtaining of in-principle,

listing and trading approval, filing of requisite

documents with the Registrar of Companies,

National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL),

Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL)

and/ or such other statutory or non-statutory

authorities or entities as may be necessary for the

purpose, seeking approvals from lenders (where

applicable), to take all such steps as may be

necessary for the admission of the equity shares

with the depositories, viz. NSDL and CDSL and for:

letter

providing the e-mail address, mobile number, self-

attested PAN copy along with client master copy (in

case of electronic folio)/copy of share certificate

(in case of physical folio) via e-mail at the e-mail id

einward.ris@kfintech.com for obtaining the Annual

Report and Notice of e-AGM.

3)

In case a person has become a member of the

Company after dispatch of AGM Notice, but on or

before the cut-off date for e-voting, i.e., 31st August

2020, such person may obtain the User ID and

Password from KFin by e-mail request on rajeev.

kr@kfintech.com

Procedure for joining the AGM through VC:

1)

The Company has appointed KFin, Registrar and

Share Transfer Agent, to provide Video Conference

Facility for the Annual General Meeting and the

attendant enablers for conducting of the e-AGM.

i)

Members will be able to attend the AGM

through VC to view the live webcast at

https://emeetings.kfintech.com

by

using

their remote e-voting login credentials.

Members are requested to follow the

procedure given below:

a)

Launch internet browser (Chrome /

Firefox / Safari) by typing the URL:

https:// emeetings.kfintech.com

b)

Enter the login credentials (i.e., User

ID and password for remote e-voting).

c)

After logging in, click on “Video

Conference” option

d)

Then click on camera icon appearing

against AGM event of Shree Renuka

Sugars Limited, to attend the Meeting.

ii)

Members who do not have User ID and

Password for e-voting or have forgotten

the User ID and Password may retrieve the

same by following the procedure given in the

remote E-voting instructions.

iii)

Members who would like to express their

views or ask questions during the AGM may

register themselves by logging on to https://

emeetings.kfintech.com and clicking on the

‘Speaker Registration’ option available on the

screen after log in. The Speaker Registration

will be open during 3rd September 2020 (9

am) to 6th September 2020 (5 pm). Only those

members who are registered will be allowed

to express their views or ask questions.

The Company reserves the right to restrict

the number of questions and number of

speakers, depending upon availability of

time as appropriate for smooth conduct of

the AGM.

iv)

Shareholders who would like to express their

views / ask questions during the meeting:

Letter,

etc., together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorized

representative(s), to the Scrutiniser

at e-mail id: tfkhatriassociates@gmail.

com. It is also requested to upload

the same in the e-voting module in

their login. The naming format of the

aforesaid legible scanned document

shall be “Corporate Name EVENT NO.”

(B)

In case of a member whose e-mail address is

not registered / updated with the Company

/ KFin / Depository Participant(s), please

follow the following steps to generate your

login credentials:

a)

Members who have not registered their

E-mail address and in consequence,

the Annual Report and Notice of AGM

could not be served, may temporarily

get their E-mail address and mobile

number provided with the Company’s

Registrar, by clicking the link https://

ris.kfintech.com/email_registration/

for sending the same. Members are

requested to follow the process as

guided to capture the E-mail address

and mobile number for sending the

soft copy of the notice and e-voting

instructions along with the User ID

and Password. In case of any query,

member may write to einward.ris@

kfintech.com. or by writing to the

Company with details of folio number

and attaching a self-attested copy of

PAN card at groupcs@renukasugars.

com

b)

Members

holding

shares

in

dematerialised mode who have not

registered their e-mail addresses with

their Depository Participant(s) are

requested to register / update their

email addresses with the Depository

Participant(s)

with

whom

they

maintain their demat accounts.

c)

After due verification, the Company

/ KFin will forward your login

credentials to your registered email

address.

d)

Follow the instructions at I.(A). (a) to

(m) to cast your vote.

II.

Once the vote on a resolution is cast by a member,

whether partially or otherwise, the member shall

not be allowed to change it subsequently or cast

the vote again.

III.

In case of any query, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for members and

e-voting User Manual available at the ‘download’

section of https://evoting.karvy.com or call KFin on

1800 345 4001 (toll free).

Instructions for members for e-voting during the

e-AGM session:

a)

During

the

e-AGM

proceedings,

upon

instructions of the chairman, the e-Voting

‘Thumb sign’ on the left hand corner of the

video screen shall be activated. Shareholders

shall click on the same to take them to the

‘Insta Poll’ page.

b)

Members to click on the ‘Insta Poll’ icon to

reach the resolution page and follow the

instructions to vote on the resolutions.

c)

Only those shareholders, who are present in

the e-AGM and have not casted their vote on

the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and

are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall

be eligible to vote through e-Voting system

available during the e-AGM.

The Scrutiniser will, after the conclusion

of e-voting at the Meeting, scrutinise the

votes cast at the Meeting (Insta Poll) and

votes cast through remote e-voting, make

a consolidated Scrutiniser’s Report and

submit the same to the Chairman. The

result of e-voting will be declared within

forty-eight hours of the conclusion of the

Meeting and the same, along with the

consolidated Scrutiniser’s Report, will be

placed on the website of the Company:

www.renukasugars.com and on the website

of KFin at: https://evoting.karvy.com. The

result will simultaneously be communicated

to the stock exchanges.

Subject to receipt of requisite number of

votes, the Resolutions proposed in the Notice

of the AGM shall be deemed to be passed as

per the provisions of applicable law.:

letter dated 11th October 2018, agreed to convert the debt

of INR 125 crores (represented by 50% of the total NCDs),

into 5% Redeemable Cumulative Preference Shares

(RPS) of ` 100/- each, repayable in 12 equal quarterly

installments commencing from FY 2029-30 to FY 2031-

32. The balance NCDs amounting to ` 125 Crores in the

aggregate, will be repayable in 39 structured installments

as agreed between the Company and LIC of India.

Whilst the Company had, vide the special resolution

passed by the shareholders through Postal Ballot on

19th July 2019, granted consent to the Board to issue and

allot, on a preferential basis, upto 1,25,00,000 (One crore

Twenty-Five lakh) 5% Redeemable Cumulative Preference

Shares having face value of ` 100 (Rupees One hundred)

each (RPS) at par, aggregating up to INR 125 Crores, in

one or more tranches, from time to time, to Life Insurance

Corporation of India (“Lender”), upon conversion of a part

of the debt given by the lender to the Company, such RPSs

are required to be allotted within 12 months from the date

of such resolution as per Rule 13 of the Companies (Share

Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014.

The said period of 12 months will lapse on 18th July

2020 However, since the allotment of the RPS will not

be completed by 18th July 2020 pending execution of the

necessary agreements with the lender, the aforesaid

approval of the shareholders will lapse on 18th July 2020..

The Board therefore, seeks approval of the members

again, for issue of the aforesaid NCDs on preferential

basis to the lenders.

On receiving the approval of the shareholders and

after receiving the in-principle approval of BSE Ltd., the

Company will issue 1,25,00,000 5% RPS of ` 100 each

by way of preferential allotment, repayable in 12 equal

quarterly installments commencing from FY 2029-30

to FY 2031-32. The terms of issue of the RPS are more

specifically enumerated in the special resolution.

Disclosures as per Rule 13(2)(d) of the Companies (Share

Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 read with Rule 14(1)

of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment) Rules 2014,

are as follows.

a.

The objects of the issue – Conversion of debt (Non-

Convertible Debentures issued to the LIC of India)

into Redeemable Preference Shares, as part of the

Debt Restructuring Exercise:

letter dated 5th August 2020.

Apart from the Proposed Allottee as above, none of

the Director(s) or Key Managerial Personnel(s) or

their relatives are subscribing to this offer.

g)

Equity Shareholding Pattern of the Company

before and after the Preferential Allotment:

The table mentioned below shows the expected

shareholding pattern of the Company consequent

to issue of equity shares as per resolution at Item

No. 7 to this notice proposed to be allotted to the

promoter of the Company as per the resolution:

Category

Pre-issue

Proposed Issue

(equity shares)

Post-issue

Shares

%

Shares

%

Promoters (A)

Individuals

-

-

-

-

-

Body Corporates

1,11,82,04,751

58.34%

21,16,70,481

1,32,98,75232

62.48%

Total

1,11,82,04,751

58.34%

21,16,70,481

1,32,98,75232

62.48%

Public (B)

Institutional Investors

48,82,75,164

25.47

-

48,82,75,164

22.94

Non Institutional Investors

4,39,49,847

25.47

-

4,39,49,847

2.29

Indian Public

24,44,24,271

12.75

-

24,44,24,271

11.48

Others (including NRI)

6,59,15,106

3.44

-

6,59,15,106

3.10

Total

79,86,14,541

41.66%

0

79,86,14,541

37.52%

Grand Total

1,91,68,19,292

100.00%

21,16,70,481 2,12,84,89,773

100.00%:

