letter, providing an additional

layer of assurance and comfort that policies are in place,

are well understood, and successfully implemented by all.

How we integrate

Bidcorp recognises the value of an integrated governance

approach combining the inputs of the business-owned risk

management, assurance, and compliance functions.

Bidcorp manages the challenge of good governance in a

decentralised environment through the rigorous integration

of the Bidcorp governance framework encompassing our

four basic pillars of governance, assurance, compliance,

and risk management. This governance framework ensures

compliance with statutory requirements as well as the

application of leading principles and practices, yet is flexible

enough to accommodate innovative and value-adding

solutions to meet these diverse demands.

Our people are pragmatists, possessing the knowledge

and experience to recognise scope for improvement and

implement change as needed – whether the concepts are

independently developed or spring from shared experience.

These practices apply to creating value through sound

governance practices and more so to creating value

through robust business processes.

Bidcorp, operating as Bidfood in most geographies, embraces a decentralised

operating model which empowers the entrepreneurial spirit within our businesses.

Beyond QUARTER 4 – July to October 2022:

• 2023 budget and strategy review

• Review of executive performance outcomes

• Sign-off of the CEO and CFO financial controls attestation process

• Group-wide annual related party declarations

• Adoption of new sustainability policy and data privacy policy

• Review and approval of 2022 notice of AGM, remuneration report and AIR

What the board focused on during the year

Regular board agenda items include a comprehensive group-wide

performance overview presented by the chief executive officer, a detailed

analysis of the key financial indicators at both a group and divisional level

from the chief financial officer, and feedback from the chairs of board

committees on the deliberations of each of those committees (including

a group-wide risk review from the audit and risk committee, and the

non-financial ESG matters by the social and ethics committee).

Throughout the year there was additional focus placed on improving

financial controls and mitigating fraud risk.

The board also had the following important discussions:

July to September 2021:

• Miumi fraud investigations and communication of the actions

undertaken to the market

• Approval of 2021 notice of AGM, remuneration report and annual

integrated report

• Capital markets trading update

• 2021 final cash dividend declaration and payment

• 2021 year-end results announcement

Q1

October to December 2021:

• Formal board appraisal feedback

• Review of executive performance outcomes

• Ongoing Miumi fraud investigation and focus on strengthening

internal controls arising from lessons learnt

• Climate change risk discussions and progress tracking against

emissions targets

• Release of sustainability report and governance report

• Approval of 2022 risk-based internal audit plans with focus on

bolstering internal audit resources

• Engagement with JSE in respect of Bidcorp’s 2021 modified audit opinion

• Review of board committees following the appointment of

Mrs K R Moloko to the board

• Annual general meeting

Q2

April to June 2022:

• Assessment of ESG targets to 2025 and beyond

• Assessment of ESG metrics managed across the group and

interrogation of appropriateness of reporting focus areas

• Goodwill impairment review

• Benchmarking of executive and non-executive directors’ pay

• Review and approval of committee charters, group policies and code

of ethics

Q4

January to March 2022:

• Update on Miumi fraud investigation, legal proceedings and

insurance recoveries

• Focus placed on fraud risk mitigation efforts

• Finalisation of group-wide financial controls assessment

• Review and release of the F2022 interim results announcement

• 2022 interim cash dividend declaration and payment

Q3

Board skills and expertise

Accounting and ﬁnancial management

9

Executive leadership

7

Governance

9

IT and information security

5

Mergers and acquisitions

6

Risk and compliance

10

Stakeholder engagement

7

Strategy and business development

6

Sustainability

5

Directors

Board of directors

Good governance creating value

Please refer to full CVs in the 2022 annual financial statements.

67

Bid Corporation Limited

Annual integrated report 2022

Leadership reviews

Value creation

Operational reviews

Sustainability

Governance

Governance

66

Bid Corporation Limited

Annual integrated report 2022:

letter. The group received declarations

from 709 members of the group-wide management team at yearend

(2021: 620 declarations received).

King IV application summary

The board endorses the King IV™ corporate governance principles,

embracing the concept of integrated thinking, which underpins corporate

citizenship, stakeholder inclusivity, sustainable development, and integrated

reporting.

An annual review is performed using the Governance Assessment

Instrument (GAI) tool, to assess Bidcorp’s adoption of sound corporate

governance principles and practices as set out in King IV.

In line with King IV recommendations, we consider proportionality when

we apply corporate governance in the group. This means we apply the

practices needed to demonstrate the group’s governance in terms of

King IV as appropriate across the group.

Leadership, ethics, and corporate citizenship

The directors hold one another accountable for decision-making based on

integrity, competence, responsibility, fairness, and transparency through

their commitment to lead the company based on the King IV principles.

The chairman and lead independent director oversee this process on an

ongoing basis.

Performance and reporting

The annual integrated report demonstrates how performance is achieved

through the strategic initiatives. Bidcorp sets and achieves its strategic

initiatives with reference to its material issues. The board assesses the

outcomes from the implementation of the Bidfood strategy and is satisfied

that the strategy is fit-for-purpose, delivering year-on-year success for the

group’s stakeholders.

Governing structures and delegation

The board serves as the focal point and custodian of governance. Its role,

responsibilities and execution of duties are set out in the annually approved

board charter. The board is satisfied with the current board composition

bringing the optimal mix of knowledge, skills, experience, diversity, and

independence. The board delegates responsibilities to board committees.

The performance of the board and committees is annually appraised.

Governance functional areas

The board recognises the importance of risk management as it is linked

to the strategy, performance, and sustainability of the group. Delegated

by the board, the audit and risk committee delegates to management the

implementation of processes to ensure that the risks are identified and

effectively mitigated.

Stakeholder relationships

The board is responsible for and encourages positive stakeholder

engagements. The board has delegated to the management teams of

each business, the achievement of effective stakeholder relationships with

material stakeholders, and the balancing of their legitimate and reasonable

needs, interests and expectations.

Our corporate governance practices are aligned with

the four governance outcomes, namely ethical

culture, effective control, legitimacy, and good

performance.

Remuneration philosophy

The key principles that shape our philosophy are:

• a critical success factor of the group is its ability to attract, retain and

motivate the entrepreneurial talent required to achieve its operational and

strategic objectives. Both short- and long-term incentives are used to

this end;

• delivery-specific short-term incentives (STIs) are viewed as strong drivers

of performance. A significant portion of senior management’s reward is

variable and is determined by the achievement of realistic profit and return

targets together with an individual’s personal contribution to the growth

and development of the group. Only when warranted by exceptional

circumstances, special bonuses may be considered as additional awards;

and

• long-term incentives (LTIs) align the objectives of management,

shareholders and other stakeholders for a sustainable period.

The board carries ultimate responsibility for the remuneration policy,

delegating the execution of the mandate to the remuneration committee,

comprised only of independent non-executive directors, which functions

within the terms of a board-approved mandate. The remuneration committee

evaluates and monitors the group’s remuneration philosophy and practices

to ensure consistency with governance principles and corporate strategy

and ensures:

• that structures and policies, as well as cash and share-based incentives,

motivate superior performance and are linked to realistic performance

objectives that support sustainable long-term business growth;

• stakeholders can make an informed assessment of reward practices and

governance processes; and

• compliance with all applicable laws and regulatory codes.

The remuneration committee uses the services of Bowman Gilfillan as

standing independent advisers.

The remuneration of executives has been benchmarked against appropriate

comparators and is aligned with the market and variable remuneration has

been based on the achievement of appropriate and stretch performance

measures and targets. Details of remuneration components for executives,

including STIs and LTIs, are outlined in the 2022 remuneration report.

STI and LTI targets and stretch performance targets are set for financial

performance as well as strategic, ESG and innovation-related KPIs.

The remuneration of the majority of group employees is governed by the

policies of individual group companies based on the circumstances of each

country in which Bidcorp operates.

The Bowman Gilfillan benchmarking of non-executive directors’ remuneration

has recommended a plan to align these fees, as presented in the 2022

remuneration report. The group policy is to pay competitive non-executive

director fees while recognising the required time commitment. The annual

non-executive director fees are proposed to shareholders annually for

approval. Non-executive directors are compensated for international travel

time and subsistence on official business when attending meetings.

Non-executive directors do not receive STIs and do not participate in any LTI

schemes. Bidcorp does not provide retirement contributions to non-

executive directors.

A majority of shareholders (>90%) voted in favour of the 2021 remuneration

policy and implementation thereof at the 2021 AGM held on Thursday,

November 25 2021.

The 2022 remuneration report, which includes the remuneration

policy and implementation thereof, was published by Bidcorp’s

remuneration committee on October 17 2022 and will be put to

a non-binding shareholders’ advisory vote at the 2022 AGM on

Thursday, November 17 2022.

For more information refer to the 2022 remuneration

report.

Board performance assessment

The nominations committee annually:

• reviews the mix of knowledge, skills and experience of directors in order

to assess the effectiveness of the board as a whole;

• reviews the board structure, size and composition and provides

recommendations to the board with regard to any adjustments deemed

necessary;

• considers and assesses the effectiveness of the board committees,

including an assessment of the committee structure, responsibilities

delegated and composition of each committee ensuring the necessary

knowledge, skills, experience and capacity exist to execute the respective

committee’s duties effectively;

• reviews the structure, size and composition of the board committees and,

when required, makes recommendations to the board with regards to any

adjustments deemed necessary;

• considers the committees’ performance against their respective mandates

in terms of the committee charters; and

• reviews the independence of directors, taking cognisance of the

JSE Listing Requirements and King IV recommendations.

In 2022, the board agreed to perform annual board evaluations over a

three-year rolling review period, with committee self-assessments to be

performed during the first two concurrent years and then an external

performance review to be completed every third year.

In November 2021, an independent consultant, Amrop Woodburn Mann,

conducted one-on-one interviews with each of the directors to assess the

performance of the board and the board committees. The results of this board

evaluation confirmed that board members, collectively and individually, effectively

discharged their governance role. The board has actioned the recommendations

that were raised through this process, which include an increased focus on

executive and senior management succession planning; enhancing the risk

management function; extending the time scheduled for social and ethics

committee meetings; and increasing ESG consciousness around the group.

The board is satisfied that action items are being addressed.

During July 2022, committee self-assessments were performed. The results

thereof as well as recommendations suggested by members have been

reported back to the respective committees and to the board. Action plans

and areas for improvement are being agreed and will be implemented by the

respective chairmen.

The board remains satisfied that the adopted evaluation process

contributes to its improved performance and effectiveness.

Induction and development

The induction programme for new members appointed to the board is

tailored to the needs of individual appointees. This involves industry and

company-specific orientation, such as meetings with senior management

to facilitate an understanding of operations and on-site tours to provide

first-hand experience of the workings of the warehouse and logistics, and to

meet some of the team. The company secretary assists the chairman with

the induction and orientation of new directors and arranges specific training

for the board as a whole as required.

The company will continue with directors’ development and training to build

on expertise and develop an understanding of the businesses and main

markets in which the group operates. Relevant industry information, analyst

feedback as well as directors’ declarations are made available to directors, for

information, on the BoardPac app.

Conflicts of interest

Conflicts of interest are actively managed to ensure directors have no

conflicting interests between their obligations to the group and their personal

interests. Related-party disclosures are submitted by all directors annually

and are updated quarterly, as necessary.

Declaration of directors’ interests is a standing agenda point at each meeting.

Directors who believe there may be a conflict of interest on a matter, advise the

chairman and are recused from the decision-making process. Directors also

adhere to the policy on disclosure and trading in securities of the company.

Bidcorp is regularly assessed by rating agencies on our

environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance. These

ratings are used by investors as part of their investment decisions.

We are pleased to be recognised for our progress reported to date

and remain committed to ongoing progress.

ESG ratings

Environmental

awareness

ENVIRONMENT

QualityScore

4

2021: 4

Social engagement

and responsibility

SOCIAL

QualityScore

6

2021: 5

as at June 30 2022

https://login.isscorporatesolutions.com

Sound

governance

GOVERNANCE

QualityScore

3

2021: 5

Refer to the application of the King IV principles report on

pages 32 to 37 of the 2022 governance report.

69

Bid Corporation Limited

Annual integrated report 2022

Leadership reviews

Value creation

Operational reviews

Sustainability

Governance

Governance

68

Bid Corporation Limited

Annual integrated report 2022:

