Managing Director (“MDs”)

of subsidiaries, Group,

executive, regional and

senior managers within

P1 to P5.

Performance is evaluated

annually against growth

in recurring headline

earnings per share

(“RHEPS”).

Paid in December based

on specific performance

targets.

All bonuses are self-

funded based on financial

targets.

LTIP

CEO, Financial Director

and other Executive

committee members.

Performance is annually

evaluated against the

vesting conditions.

Vesting in tranches of 25%

each on the later of:

>

the 2nd, 3rd, 4th and

5th anniversary of the

date of award; and

>

to the extent applicable

the date on which the

Remcom determines

that the performance

condition(s) has been

met; and

>

to the extent

applicable, any other

conditions imposed

have been satisfied.

> Go for Gold programme (“G4G”)

The G4G recognition and praise programme is a platform to acknowledge star performers, motivate

discretionary effort and deliver ongoing business results. It is about bringing out the best in each

employee and making them feel appreciated for a job well done. It celebrates the successes in our

workplace and motivates employees to continue to go the extra mile.

The participation goal rate is above 70%, which according to our META framework is regarded as

acceleration. During the year, we achieved the goal rate again.:

managing director of subsidiaries and the Group,

and executive and regional managers between

the Peromnes broadband (P1 to P5).

The Group target is based on the average

12-month September consumer price index

(“CPI”) percentage plus a growth percentage

target with an increment interval of 1,25%. An

example of the growth target for year-on-year

performance is illustrated below:

YOY Performance Growth Target – Calculation

CPI (example)

5,00%

(Estimated average 12-month annual inflation in September)

CAP

CPI + % growth

0,00%

5,00%

6,25%

7,50%

8,75%

10,00%

11,25%

12,50%

Target

5,00%

10,00%

11,25%

12,50%

13,75%

15,00%

16,25%

17,50%

The maximum STI is capped at CPI + 12,5% for the financial year.

STI’s are paid in cash after concluding the audited annual financial statements. The Remcom has the

final discretion. STI’s are self-funding.

Employees are nominated by management

according to four categories. The successes

are celebrated with each individual and team

winner, including G4G prizes.

>

Employee champion – META (employee):

This category recognises employees who excel

in their jobs and go beyond the call of duty.

>

CARE ambassador (employee): This category

embodies the CARE values evident in

employees’ who positively influence others.

>

Operations excellence (team): This category

recognises employees for adding value and

affecting or contributing to the business’s

overall bottom line.

>

Accelerating performance (team): This

category recognises employees for adding

value in the business (most improved).

> Sales Commissions

Commission is an incentive for achieving pre-

determined performance targets. Commission

earners within divisions may earn a commission

based on the applicable commission structure.

Commission earners do not qualify for STIs,

performance bonuses or the recognition and

praise programme.:

Managing Director of a subsidiary. Participants will be awarded

NCOs, which are conditional rights to receive Company shares on a future date after the

fulfilment of the performance and other conditions, to the extent applicable. The vesting is not

dependent on the share price growth. Each year the participants are awarded NCOs, based on

a multiple of the participant’s annual TGP. The NCOs vest in tranches of 25% each on the later

of the 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th anniversary of the date of award; and to the extent applicable, the

date on which the remuneration committee determines that the performance condition(s)

has been met; and to the extent applicable, any other conditions imposed have been satisfied.

On the vesting date, shares will be awarded to a participant.

Based on the old scheme during the current year, 585 885 new grants were issued. During the

year, the fourth tranche of the 1 October 2016 grants vested (287 431 share options), the third

tranche of the 20 March 2018 grants vested (26 916 share options) and the second tranche of

the 15 January 2019 grants vested (59 511 share options) and the first tranche of the 15 January 2020

grants vested (407 461 share options). The 20 March 2018 had no value as the vesting price

was lower than the grant price, so there was no value in that specific grant. A migration

value was determined based on the old LTI scheme and brought over to the new modified

LTI scheme – NCO.:

