managing director

1984

Acquired Supreme Spring

1985

Acquired Smiths Manufacturing

1988

Acquired First National Battery

1989

Acquired Hesto Harnesses

1989

Acquired initial stake in Lumotech

(formerly Hella)

1993

Elizabeth Bradley appointed as

chair

1993

Acquired Unitrade

1999

Acquired Tenneco (formerly

Armstrong)

2000

Acquired stake in Valeo

2004

Automould (formerly Smiths

Plastics/Injex) became an

autonomous company

2006

Theo Loock appointed CEO and

Alan Plummer appointed chairman

2007

Mpumeleng Pooe appointed

as chairman

2008

Acquired ATE

2012

Acquired Rombat

2013

Acquired Mutlu Akü

2014

Brand Pretorius appointed

as chairman

2015

Acquired Dynamic

2016

Acquired 25% stake in ABM

2017

Moll acquired

2018

Acquired 35% stake in Prime

Batteries

2021

Mr Haffejee appointed CEO and

Michael Flemming appointed

chairman

2021

Headquarters relocated from

Wesco House to Oxford and

Glenhove Building

2023

Thandeka Mgoduso appointed

chairperson

Mr Douwenga appointed as

interim CEO and Mr Jogia

appointed as interim CFO

years strong

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022:

letter of appointment

that is given to the director on appointment.

The induction process includes:

• A discussion with the Metair CEO to give the director the required

level of understanding of the business, operations and industry as

well as an outline of the company’s vision and strategy.

• A general discussion with Metair’s CFO and company secretary.

• Visits to major subsidiaries with the Metair CEO and/or CFO.

• Provision of Metair documents including charters, policies and

procedures, other company documents and relevant additional

information as required.

• Provision of Metair’s meeting schedule with all relevant board and

committee meeting work plans, dates and times.

• Provision of the latest Metair integrated annual report.

Board training

Continuous training and development are important contributors to

board effectiveness. Board training is scheduled annually on topical

subjects by external and internal experts. The following training

programmes were arranged in 2022:

• Whistleblowing and anonymity.

• ESG risk mapping and quantification, update to reporting

requirements, including alignment with JSE reporting.

• United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

• Science based targets and Carbon tax implications.

Company Secretary

Ms SM Vermaak has been the company secretary since 2001. The

company secretary fulfils the duties set out in section 88 of the

Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008 and is also responsible for ensuring

compliance with the JSE Listings Requirements.

All board members have unfettered access to the company secretary,

which assists them in performing their duties and responsibilities.

Metair’s board conducts an evaluation of the company secretary

annually. Based on the 2022 evaluation, the board is satisfied that

the company secretary has the appropriate level of competence,

qualifications, experience and knowledge to perform her duties.

The company secretary reports to the board via the chairman on

all statutory duties and functions performed in connection with the

board. All other duties and administrative matters are reported to the

CEO and/or CFO. Ms Vermaak is not a director of the company and

while she has direct access to the chairman, the board is satisfied

that an arm’s-length relationship has been maintained between the

board and the company secretary.

The board approves the appointment, including the employment

contract and remuneration, of the company secretary as

recommended by the remuneration committee. The board also has

the primary responsibility for the removal of the company secretary

should it be required.

Chief executive officer (Mr R Haffejee)

The chief executive officer’s employment contract stipulates a two

month notice period.

The Metair board chairman together with all the committee chairs

reviewed the chief executive officer’s performance against agreed

performance measures and targets. The board confirmed that

they were satisfied that he carried out his duties with due care, skill

and diligence during the year. The board expressed their sincere

appreciation and support for the hard work delivered by the chief

executive officer and his management team. The board, together

with the chief executive officer, will agree on whether the chief

executive officer may take up additional professional positions,

including membership of other governing bodies, outside of Metair.

Time constraints and potential conflicts of interest will be considered

and balanced against the opportunity for professional development.

The appointments shown at the bottom of the page were approved

by the board during the year.

GOVERNANCE REPORT

SUPPLEMENTARY SCHEDULES

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

CORPORATE INFORMATION

CEO board appointments and membership to other governing bodies outside of Metair

Company and

registration number

Registered address

Present capacity

Appointment date

to the Board

Coral Cotswold

2020/802171/07

20-22 Broadway Road,

Westville, Durban. 3630

Director

20-Oct

The RAMS Haffejee Family Trust

IT000763/2019(D)

20-22 Broadway Road,

Westville, Durban. 3630

Trustee

19-Aug

NAACAM

Vice President

Durban Auto Cluster

Executive member

Durban Chapter Young

Presidents’ Organisation (YPO)

Member/Gold

Chapter Chair:

letter and in spirit.

• The strategic and annual internal audit plans are risk based

and provide the level of coverage and assurance required by

management and the audit and risk committee.

• Individual projects are appropriately staffed at director and

manager level.

• The scope of the project is appropriately determined and

communicated.

• The reporting deadlines and standards are consistently met.

• Internal quality assurance is performed by the manager and

director on the assignment to ensure that the deliverable is of an

exceptional standard, meets the requirements of the scope: letter

and the approved internal audit plan.

• The director and manager’s responsibilities include monitoring

that the turnaround time for issuing reports is met.

• The committee has a good working relationship with KPMG.

Chief financial officer review

The committee has reviewed the performance, appropriateness,

experience and expertise of the CFO, Mr S Douwenga, and newly

appointed interim CFO, Mr A Jogia, and confirms their suitability in

terms of the JSE Listings Requirements.

Integrated annual report

The committee has reviewed the annual financial statements of

Metair Investments Limited and the group for the year ended

31 December 2022 and, based on the information provided to

the committee, considers that the group complies in all material

respects with the requirements of the Companies Act and

International Financial Reporting Standards. The committee

has reviewed the integrated annual report and the committee

recommends the report to the board and shareholders for approval.

Ms B Mathews

Audit and risk committee chair

29 March 2023

GOVERNANCE REPORT (continued)

Managing director

merSETA

Manufacturing, Engineering and Related

Services SETA

MIB

Metair International Battery Metair’s battery

marketing organisation

MOI

Memorandum of Incorporation

MWh

Megawatt hours

NAACAM

National Association of Automotive Component

and Allied Manufacturers of South Africa

NAAMSA

National Association of Automobile

Manufacturers South Africa

NAV

Net asset value

NCI

Non-controlling interest

NEV

New energy vehicle

OE

Original Equipment

OEM

Original Equipment Manufacturer

OHSAS

Occupational Health and Safety Assessment

Series

PBIT

Profit before interest and tax

PDI

Previously disadvantaged individuals

PHW

Person-hours worked

POPIA

Protection of Personal Information Act

PPE

Personal protective equipment

RCF

Revolving Credit Facility

ROE

Return on equity

ROIC

Return on invested capital

SABMA

South African Battery Manufacturers

Association

SABS

South African Bureau of Standards

SAICA

South African Institute of Chartered

Accountants

SANS

South African National Accreditation System

SED

Socio-economic development

SENS

Stock Exchange News Service

SETA

Sector Education and Training Authority –

Skills development institutions established by

the Skills Development Act in South Africa

SHE

Safety, health and environment

STEM

Science, technology, engineering, maths

STIP

Short-term incentive plan

TCFD

Taskforce for Climate-related Financial

Disclosure

TL

Turkish Lira

TSR

Total shareholders return

TWIMS

Toyota Wessels Institute for Manufacturing

Studies

UIF

Unemployment Insurance Fund

UWC

University of the Western Cape

VCA

Vehicle Certification Agency

VCT

Voluntary counselling and testing

WACC

Weighted average cost of capital

GOVERNANCE REPORT

SUPPLEMENTARY SCHEDULES

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

CORPORATE INFORMATION:

letter of support for R3.6 million (2021: R3.6 million) was issued to Valeo for general overdraft facilities. Risk of

defaults are considered remote.

Set out in the table below is a summary of associates which are included in group results using the equity accounting

method.

Percentage.

Place of.

Group.

holding.

business/.

carrying.

(effective).

country of.

amount.

Nature of investment in associates

%.

incorporation.

R'000

2022

Unlisted

Hesto Harnesses (Pty) Ltd

74.9.

South Africa

14 984

Valeo Systems SA (Pty) Ltd

49.0.

South Africa

18 223

Tenneco Automotive Holdings SA (Pty) Ltd

25.1.

South Africa

57 950

Associated Battery Manufacturers (East Africa) Limited ('ABM')

25.0.

Kenya

209 852

Denso Sales South Africa (Pty) Ltd

49.0.

South Africa

51

MOLL

25.1.

Germany

Vizirama 12 (Pty) Ltd

33.0.

South Africa

Eye2square Innovations (Pty) Ltd

20.0.

South Africa

301 060

2021

Unlisted

Hesto Harnesses (Pty) Ltd

74.9.

South Africa

250 028

Valeo Systems SA (Pty) Ltd

49.0.

South Africa

53 435

Tenneco Automotive Holdings SA (Pty) Ltd

25.1.

South Africa

90 159

Associated Battery Manufacturers (East Africa) Limited

25.0.

Kenya

200 178

Prime Motors Industry Srl

35.0.

Romania

18 394

MOLL

25.1.

Germany

Vizirama 12 (Pty) Ltd

33.0.

South Africa

Eye2square Innovations (Pty) Ltd

20.0.

South Africa

Denso Sales South Africa (Pty) Ltd

49.0.

South Africa

862

613 056

Although the group owns 74.9% of the majority voting rights in Hesto, the Shareholder’s Agreement stipulates that unanimous

consent is required for all decisions relating to the relevant activities of Hesto. In addition, the minority shareholder also has the

ability, via a currently exercisable and substantive call option, to call the majority shareholding. Therefore, the group accounts for

Hesto under the equity accounting method. Hesto’s results are, however, included within the group’s automotive business vertical

(segment report).

Hesto manufactures and sells automotive wiring harnesses and related components in South Africa. Hesto is a specialist

automotive component manufacturer which provides the group with additional OE product offerings as well being a local product

differentiator. Hesto incurred a R314 million (2021: R78 million) loss after tax mainly due to the impact of global supply chain

disruptions on the business, including significant air-freight and shipping charges to support customers, as well as project costs

incurred on planned new customer models launches for the future.

The group’s 35% investment in Romanian Li-ion battery maker, Prime, was impaired during the year and disposed for

R8.4 million.

ABM owns the Chloride and Exide brands for the Kenyan as well as Tanzanian and Ugandan markets. The ABM group is purely

aftermarket and represents significant potential for synergies and technology transfer in maintenance free batteries for

automotive and lithium batteries for solar.

NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(continued):

letter of support to Metair Management Services (Pty) Ltd and has subordinated claims against

Automould (Pty) Ltd (refer to note 23). The company also guaranteed funding provided to Hesto from Standard Bank

(refer to note 10). The RCF facilities available to SA subsidiaries (refer to note 14) is guaranteed by certain group

subsidiaries (‘cross-guarantees’).

During the current year, the group advanced a loan for R187 250 000 to Hesto. The loan is unsecured and repayable in full

upon maturity date of 30 May 2025. Interest is charged at prime rates. A loss allowance of R5.1 million was recognised

during the year.:

managing director

of Ayavuna Women’s Investments (Ayavuna). After her time at

Ayavuna, she spent time in strategic consulting and infrastructural

development. She is currently a Trustee of Ayavuna Trust, a board

member at Zimplats, where she chairs the remuneration committee.

She is also the chairperson of Jojose Investments. She chairs the

remuneration committee at the Competition Commission.

Ms Mgoduso was appointed to the Metair board on 1 March 2016

and served as chairperson of the remuneration committee. She

was appointed to the nominations committee with effect from

27 September 2018 and was appointed as lead independent director

with effect from 17 February 2020. As she was appointed as chairperson

of the board (subject to shareholder confirmation at this AGM) and

chairperson of the nominations committee on 15 February 2023, she

has consequently stepped down as the lead independent non-executive

director and as the chairperson of the remuneration committee (but shall

remain a member of this committee).

3.2 Ordinary resolution number 2

Resolved that the appointment of Ms TN Mgoduso, an independent

non-executive director of the company, be and is hereby confirmed

as chairperson, subject to her re-election as a director pursuant to

ordinary resolution number 1.

3.3 Ordinary resolution number 3

Resolved that Ms NL Mkhondo who retires in terms of the provisions

of the company's MOI, being eligible and has offered herself for re-

election, be and is hereby re-elected as a director of the company.

NL Mkhondo

Independent non-executive director

Age: 39

Qualification: BAcc, CA(SA), MBA

Nationality: South African

Ms Mkhondo is an investment director at Value Capital Partners (Pty)

Limited (VCP). Prior to joining VCP, Ms Mkhondo was a seasoned

investment banking and corporate finance professional, having

spent time at Goldman Sachs International Plc (Goldman Sachs)

and Anglo American Plc (Anglo American) (both based in the United

Kingdom) where she was responsible for mergers and acquisition

execution, investment evaluation and strategic long-term financial

planning. During her time at Goldman Sachs and Anglo American.

Ms Mkhondo executed cross-border transactions in the consumer/

retail, healthcare, real estate and metals and mining sectors across

the United Kingdom, Africa and the Americas. Ms Mkhondo is a

Chartered Accountant (SA) by profession, having begun her career in

the audit and advisory financial institutions services team at Deloitte

& Touche, in Johannesburg. In addition, Ms Mkhondo has a Masters

of Business Administration from the London Business School, where

she was a Mo Ibrahim Scholar.

Ms Mkhondo was appointed as an independent non-executive director

of the company and as a member of the investment committee on

28 June 2019. On 2 August 2022, she was appointed as a member

of the remuneration committee 2023. On 15 February 2023 she was

appointed as the chairperson of the remuneration committee.

She also serves as an independent non-executive director on the

boards of PPC Limited and Novus Holdings Limited.

3.4 Ordinary resolution number 4

Resolved that Mr B Mawasha, who retires in terms of the provisions

of the company’s MOI, but being eligible and has offered himself for

re-election, be and is hereby re-elected as a director of the company.

B Mawasha

Lead independent non-executive director

Age: 44

Qualification: BSc (Eng), AMP, ADP, MDP, GCC

Nationality: South African:

Managing Director of Richard Bay Minerals. He previously

held leadership, operational and technical roles at Anglo American

(Kumba Iron Ore), the De Beers Group and AngloGold Ashanti. Mr

Mawasha is passionate about education and the development of

others. He is a member of the Witwatersrand University Mining Advisory

Council. In 2017, he was selected as a Young Global Leader of the

World Economic Forum. Mr Mawasha was appointed to the Metair

board and the audit and risk committee on 1 March 2018. On 2 May

2019, he was appointed as chairperson of the investment committee.

On 15 February 2023, he was appointed as the lead independent non-

executive director of the company.

3.5 Ordinary resolution number 5

Resolved that the appointment of Mr S Sithole, as an alternate director to

Ms Mkhondo, an independent non-executive director of the company, be

and is hereby confirmed.

S Sithole

Alternate to an independent non-executive director

Age: 50

Qualification: BAcc (Hons), CA(SA), CA(Z) Programme for

Leadership Development (Harvard Business School),

Diploma in Banking (UJ)

Nationality: Zimbabwean

Mr Sithole is a qualified Chartered Accountant (South Africa and

Zimbabwe). He is the CEO and co-founder of VCP. Prior to starting

VCP, he was at Brait for more than eight years as an executive

director. Prior to Brait, Mr Sithole was a partner at Deloitte, where he

spent six years as an audit partner and departed the firm as group

leader for the Financial Services Audit Practice in Johannesburg. He

currently also holds directorships, among others, in Altron, Adcorp

and Sun International. Mr Sithole was initially appointed to the Metair

board on 1 March 2019 prior to stepping down as an independent

non-executive director of the company, and being appointed as an

alternate director to Ms Mkhondo on 2 August 2022.

3.6 Ordinary resolution number 6

Resolved that the appointment of Mr A Jogia, the interim chief financial

officer of the company, as an interim executive director of the company,

be and is hereby confirmed.

A Jogia

Interim chief financial officer and interim executive director

Age: 45

Qualification: BCom Dip Acc, CA (SA)

Nationality: South African

Mr Jogia qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2003 after

completing his articles with Baker Tilley Morrison Murray. Thereafter

he joined PwC’s consumer and industrial products division and gained

extensive experience within listed and multinational companies.

During his tenure at PwC, he served as the auditor in charge of the

Metair audit and also spent 2 years in Birmingham, United Kingdom

working on global industrial and automotive related companies.

Mr Jogia joined Metair as the group finance executive and member of

subsidiary executive committees in 2013 during the Mutlu acquisition.

He has primarily been supporting the CFO and CEO with operational

and financial oversight of the group, including group audit committee

attendance, corporate reporting, acquisitions and funding functions.

4. Appointment of independent auditors

4.1 Ordinary resolution number 7

Resolved that Ernst & Young Inc., with the designated audit partner being

Mr D. Venter, be re-appointed as the company’s independent external

auditors for the ensuing year until the next annual general meeting of the

company as recommended by the audit and risk committee.

The audit and risk committee and the board are satisfied that

Ernst & Young Inc. (and Mr D Venter) meet the provisions of the

Companies Act and comply with the requirements set out in the

JSE Listings Requirements.

5. Re-election of audit and risk committee

members

5.1 Ordinary resolution number 8

Resolved that the members of the audit and risk committee as

set out below be and are hereby re-elected in accordance with

the provisions of section 94 of the Companies Act for the period

commencing on the date of their re-election and enduring until the

next annual general meeting of the company.

Resolved that the nominees (each of whom are independent

non-executive directors of the company) to the audit and risk

committee, as proposed by the board, be and are hereby re-elected:

(i) Ms Mathews, as chair of the audit and risk committee;

B Mathews

Independent non-executive director

Age: 53

Qualification: BCom Accounting, BCom Accounting Honours, CA

(SA), HDip Tax

Nationality: South African

Ms Mathews is a qualified Chartered Accountant (South Africa) and holds

a Postgraduate Certificate in Advanced Taxation from the University

of South Africa (UNISA) and a BCom Acc (Hons) from Rand Afrikaans

University (RAU) (now University of Johannesburg (UJ)). Ms Mathews

currently serves on the board of trustees of WAT Trust, the board of

directors of KAL Limited (and its audit and risk as well as social and

ethics committees) and CA&S Group Limited where she serves on the

audit and risk and social and ethics committees. Ms Mathews previously

served on the board of directors and various committees of, inter alia,

ATKV, ATKV Sake and OneLogix Limited, PSG Financial Services Limited,

PSG Group Limited and Redefine Properties Limited as well as in the

capacity of trustee of the Redefine Empowerment Trust.

Ms Mathews was appointed as an independent non-executive

director and member of the audit and risk committee of Metair on

1 January 2021. She replaced Mr Flemming as chairperson of the

audit and risk committee with effect from the conclusion of the

AGM held on 5 May 2021. She was appointed to the nomination

committee on 2 August 2022.

(ii) Ms Sithebe, as a member of the audit and risk committee:

AK Sithebe

Independent non-executive director

Age: 40

Qualification: BCom Accounting Honours, CA (SA), MBA

Nationality: South African

Ms Sithebe is a private equity investment professional with over a

decade of experience in mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and corporate

finance from a wide range of businesses primarily in the industrials value

chain. Her career debut was with EY where she trained to qualify as

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION (continued):

Managing Director of Kamva Investments, an investment holding entity

with a focus on unlisted investments and M&A advisory. Ms Sithebe

also serves on the boards of Altron Limited and Dis-Chem Pharmacies

Limited. Ms Sithebe holds a BCom Acc (RAU) with Honours (UNISA)

and an MBA from GIBS.

Ms Sithebe was appointed as an independent non-executive

director and a member of the audit and risk committee with effect

from 1 January 2021 and to the social and ethics committee with

effect from 29 January 2021.

(iii) Mr Mawasha, as a member of the audit and risk committee:

B Mawasha

Lead independent non-executive director

Age: 44

Qualification: BSc (Eng), AMP, ADP, MDP, GCC

Nationality: South African

Mr Mawasha has been CEO of Kolobe Nala Investment Company

(KNI) since April 2019. Prior to KNI, he was Country Head –

South Africa for Rio Tinto and: Managing

