Managing Director of Renault South Africa

Proprietary Limited (now known as Motus

Vehicles Distributor). Niall has been the CEO of

Hyundai Automotive South Africa for the past

seven years.

Barbara joined Motus in April 2022, at which

time she was appointed as CFO of Motus

Corporation. Prior to joining Motus, Barbara

was CFO and an executive director of Shell

Downstream South Africa, a subsidiary of a

global energy company operating a fully

integrated downstream business in South Africa.

She was also a director on various Shell SA

Group companies and joint venture boards

and committees.

Group leadership (continued)

Berenice joined Motus from Imperial, where she

served on the Group Executive Committee from

2009. She is the representative director of

Ukhamba Holdings and related operations.

Berenice has been actively involved in the

Institute of Risk Management of South Africa

(IRMSA) where she serves as the Chairman of

the Education & Technical committee. She is also

past President of the Institute. She also served

as a past Vice President and Regional

Governor of the Institute of Internal

Auditors (IIASA).

CEO – Mobility Solutions &

Head: Innovation and Technology

Bcom (Hons), CA(SA)

Berenice

Francis

46

Niall

Lynch

46

Barbara

Makhubedu

47

Osman

Arbee

63

Ockert

Janse van Rensburg

49

Kerry

Cassel

49

See page 25.

See page 25.

See page 25.

Motus Holdings Limited Integrated Report 2022

26:

Managing Director

of Eqstra Industrial Equipment Group from July

2015. He has also held other executive roles

including CFO of Saﬁ con Industrial Equipment,: Managing

Message from the Chairman of the board to shareholders

On behalf of the board of Motus Holdings Limited, you are invited to attend the 2022 AGM to be held at 08:30 (CAT) on

Wednesday, 2 November 2022, at 224 Garstfontein Road, Menlyn, 0181 Pretoria, Gauteng and through electronic participation.

I take this opportunity to welcome our shareholders back to a physical meeting after two years of holding these meetings

through electronic participation following the outbreak of COVID-19.

The board believes that it is now safe to hold the AGM in person to allow shareholders to exercise their right to vote and ask

questions at the meeting, following the removal of the COVID-19 restrictions and with most people being vaccinated.

Shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM will need to register by the latest at 08:30 (CAT) on Tuesday, 1 November 2022.

A Virtual meeting guide for participants for shareholders who wish to exercise this option and a Registration to participate

in person form are included in the notice of AGM, as Annexures A and B respectively.

The AGM provides the board with the opportunity to present the Group’s performance for the year ended 30 June 2022 to

the company’s shareholders. The Chairs of the various board committees, senior members of management and the Group’s

external auditors will be present to engage with shareholders, should the need arise.

The notice of the meeting and explanatory notes, which accompany this message, set out the proposed resolutions and

eff ects thereof. In accordance with section 31(1) of the Companies Act, you are notiﬁ ed that the 2022 Motus Holdings

integrated report, ESG report, and audited consolidated and separate annual ﬁ nancial statements are available on the

Motus website at https://www.motus.co.za/investors/integrated-reports/ as of 30 September 2022. Should you wish to

receive a printed copy of our 2022 integrated report, ESG report and the audited consolidated and separate annual ﬁ nancial

statements, you may request these from the Motus Company Secretary at nsimelane@motus.co.za.

The company has retained the services of The Meetings Specialists Proprietary Limited (TMS) to host the AGM in order to

facilitate participation and voting by shareholders.

We request that shareholders send their proxies and/or their letters of representation to TMS at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za

by no later than 08:30 (CAT) on Tuesday, 1 November 2022 to allow time for the tallying of votes and completion of

the administrative processes relating to the meeting. Forms of proxy or letters of representation submitted on the day of

the AGM must be emailed simultaneously to TMS at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za and the Motus Company Secretary at

nsimelane@motus.co.za, prior to the commencement of the AGM, before any proxy seeks to exercise any right granted to it.

Further details for the form of proxy submission are contained on page 215 and in the notes to the form of proxy on page 217.

I look forward to your attendance and participation in the meeting.

Yours sincerely,

Graham Dempster

Chairman

26 September 2022

Notice of annual general meeting

Motus Holdings Limited Integrated Report 2022

198:

letter of representation to attend the meeting as stipulated in the agreement with their CSDP or broker.

Although the electronic platform provides for voting during the meeting, shareholders are strongly encouraged to still

submit their votes by proxy prior to the meeting to TMS at email proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za.

Motus Holdings Limited Integrated Report 2022

204:

letter of representation to them. This must be done in terms of the custody agreement

entered into between such dematerialised shareholders and their CSDP or broker.

By order of the board

NE Simelane

Company Secretary

26 September 2022

205

Motus Holdings Limited Integrated Report 2022

Shareholder information:

letter of representation to attend or be represented at

the AGM and vote. If they do not wish to attend or be represented at the AGM, they must provide their CSDP or broker with their

voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker. In the absence

of such instructions, the CSDP or broker or proxy holder will be entitled to vote in accordance with the instructions contained in the

custody agreement mandate between them and their CSDP or broker or as they deem ﬁ t. These shareholders must not use this form

of proxy.

I/We (please print name in full):

of address

Telephone number

Cellphone number

Being an ordinary shareholder(s) of the company holding

ordinary shares in the company do hereby appoint

1

or failing him/her

2

or failing him/her

Number of votes (one per share)

For

Against

Abstain

1.

Ordinary resolution 1 – Election of retiring non-executive directors

Ordinary resolution 1.1: To elect Mr. S Mayet, who is retiring by rotation in accordance with

clause 23.3.2 of the company’s Memorandum of Incorporation (MOI), as an independent

non-executive director of the company as contemplated in section 68(2)(a) of the Companies

Act.

Ordinary resolution 1.2: To elect Mr. MJN Njeke, who is retiring by rotation in accordance

with clause 23.3.2 of the company’s MOI, as an independent non-executive director of the

company as contemplated in section 68(2)(a) of the Companies Act.

2.

Ordinary resolution 2 – Election of the members of the Audit and Risk Committee

To re-elect by way of separate divisible resolutions the following independent non-executive

directors as the Audit and Risk Committee members.

Ordinary resolution 2.1 – Mr. S Mayet (subject to being appointed in accordance with

resolution 1.1 above)

Ordinary resolution 2.2 – Ms. NB Duker

Ordinary resolution 2.3 – Ms. F Roji

3.

Ordinary resolution 3 – Re-appointment of external auditor:

To re-appoint Deloitte & Touche as independent external auditor of the company for the

ensuing year (the designated auditor being Ms. Shelly Nelson).

4.

Ordinary resolution 4 – Appointment of external auditor – mandatory rotation:

To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc., as the Group’s external auditors, with

Mr. Thomas Howatt as designated audit partner, for the ﬁ nancial year ending 30 June

2024, replacing Deloitte & Touche after the 30 June 2023 ﬁ nancial year.

5.

Ordinary resolution 5 – Authority to issue ordinary shares:

To approve that the authorised but unissued ordinary shares be and are hereby placed

under the control of the directors by way of a general authority, that shall remain valid until

the next AGM and the directors authorised, to allot and issue those shares at their discretion.

6.

Ordinary resolution 6 – Authority to issue shares for cash:

To consider and approve that the directors of the company be and are hereby authorised

by way of a general authority, to allot and issue any of the company’s unissued shares

placed under their control for cash, as they in their discretion may deem ﬁ t, without restriction,

subject to the provisions of the JSE Listings Requirements.

Form of proxy

215

Motus Holdings Limited Integrated Report 2022

Shareholder information:

