MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT

30

CONTRIBUTING TO THE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

34

SDG 3: Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all

36

SDG 6: Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and

sanitation for all

38

SDG 7: Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern

energy for all

40

SDG 8: Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth,

full and productive employment and decent work for all

42

SDG 12: Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns

46

Charitable giving and support

49

GOVERNANCE REPORT

50

Governance report

50

Risk report

63

Remuneration report

67

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

68

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

163

PROXY FORM

165

NOTES TO THE PROXY

166:

Managing Director’s

report from page 30. These transactions required some representation of comparative information. Changes to comparative

information has been indicated in the relevant sections.

This report, as well as the financial and non-financial data, is limited to NBL and its subsidiaries and associate. Full details of these

entities are set out in Annexure C of the Annual Financial Statements.

NBL Investment Holdings

(Proprietary) Limited

Ohlthaver &

List Beverage Company (Pty) Ltd

Public shareholders

Heineken International B.V.

Namibia Breweries Limited

Heineken South Africa

(RF) Proprietary Limited

Consumers

Employees

Communities

Suppliers

Customers/

strategic partners

Governments

Stakeholder universe

Shareholders/

providers of

financial capital

50.01%

59.37%

25.0%

40.63%

49.99%

Financial reporting boundary:

Managing Director

15 | INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022:

Managing Director acts as Chairperson.

NBL has been committed to supporting local road safety

campaigns and promoting responsible behaviour among road

users since 2006.

Recycling

NBL plays an active role in finding industry solutions to create

a circular economy. This means redesigning processes and

products to be less resource intensive and to capture waste as

a resource for new materials and products.

We optimise water use through a water reclamation plant and

a water treatment plant. We also use equipment to extract

more beer from spent yeast, leading to further water savings.

Through packaging redesign, we use less paper and

continuously explore ways to reduce the use of cartons

and plastic. 83.7% of production volumes are packaged

in returnable containers, including returnable kegs. Our

returnable containers have a return ratio of 95%. We minimise

production waste, including plastic, trays, bottles and cans, by

sorting, reusing and working with contractors to remove and

recycle waste.

In our communities, we encourage reuse through recycling

and cleaning projects. NBL is a founding member of the

Recycle Namibia Forum.

With breakthrough thinking,

we find innovative ways to

repurpose and recycle waste.

Read more about our contribution to the SDGs in the

section from page 34.

We support local enterprises:

Managing Director’s report from

page 30.

is an opportunity to move some of the production and

packaging that is currently done in South Africa to Namibia,

thereby optimising NBL’s current capacity and manufacturing

infrastructure. Distell Namibia owns and operates four distribution

depots in Windhoek, Oshakati, Walvis Bay and Keetmanshoop.

The transaction will enable NBL to:

‒

Grow volumes and market share in and beyond Namibian

borders

‒

Offer customers a broad portfolio of categories and

brands to reach more consumers across more occasions

‒

Optimise, build and integrate its digital capabilities

‒

Leverage supplier relationships for procurement synergies

and scale

‒

Benchmark and manage overall costs, realising potential

Distell synergies in terms of logistics, manufacturing and

support functions

‒

Continue balancing its responsibilities between

maximising volumes and ensuring responsible behaviour

and consumption

“With NBL, there are exciting opportunities to expand

premium beer and cider in Namibia and grow the iconic

Windhoek brand beyond its home market. Together we

will be able to better serve our consumers and customers

through a unique combination of multi-category leading

brands and a strengthened route-to-market. The

businesses share common values derived from their family

heritage, long-term perspectives, entrepreneurial spirit,

and care for people and planet.” – Heineken:

Managing Director’s report from page 30.

Maintaining a responsive strategy

and relationships

We track progress with the implementation of the Group’s

Breakthrough Strategy and NBL’s specific related priorities

through a list of defined imperatives and a vision dashboard.

The Senior Leadership Team reviews this monthly.

Divisions assess progress and identify the key capabilities,

resources and relationships that they need to reach their

targets. In the past year, these included:

‒

Focusing on customer service and meeting consumer needs

‒

Improving employee productivity by optimising overtime

‒

Expanding our procurement options away from traditional

markets and exploring new geographies

Read more about our strategic risks and opportunities in

the section from page 63.

‒

Maintaining strong supplier relationships to secure

contracts in a very competitive market

‒

Supporting SMEs with skills transfer in basic administration

and finance

‒

Increasing local and regional supplier spend to mitigate

supply chain disruption and exchange rate risk

The 2025 Breakthrough Strategy enables all employees to

be the best version of themselves while pursuing the Group’s

vision and living their purpose.:

Managing Director:

Managing Director:

Managing Director was the

Chairperson until 11 August 2022. SAIF comprises all major

alcohol producers and distributors in Namibia.

SAIF’s membership is based on voluntary compliance with

the Code of Commercial Communication and Conduct, which

prescribes world-class standards in self-regulation to prevent

the negative consequences of alcohol abuse.

We adopted the principles of the aware.org regulations,

which include recent updates to the marketing of the low and

non-alcoholic category. We recognise that even non-alcoholic

products should not be marketed to underage consumers

because they inherently market a mother brand and could thus

be a gateway product.

O&L Group Corporate Relations ensures that an independent

evaluation against the Code is done on all NBL marketing and

sales campaigns as well as advertising and promotional material.

Safe driving options

We have been supporting LEFA, a locally developed cab and

shuttle app that connects drivers with passengers, since 2018.

This year, we sponsored N$250 000 towards LEFA’s operating

costs to provide consumers with safe and reliable alternatives

to driving when enjoying a night out. LEFA’s ride-sharing

platform has grown exponentially over the last four years,

providing more than 146 000 rides to the public while growing

its driver fleet to more than 40.

NBL also supported road safety during the 2021 festive

season by sponsoring 500 cases of AquaSplash and

disposable breathalyser equipment to the Namibia Police

frontline officers stationed at roadblocks in Hardap, Khomas,

Erongo, Otjozondjupa, Oshikoto and Oshana regions.

#BETHEONE THAT TAKES

RESPONSIBILITY

NBL invested in various campaigns and initiatives over the

years aimed at educating consumers about the effects

of alcohol, so they make informed decisions. We believe

that we need to stand united to ensure safe alcohol

enjoyment, with each one of us acknowledging our role

and playing it fully.

That is why we launched the #TakesANation campaign,

to encourage the mantra #ItStartsWithMe and to remind

each of us of our responsibility towards one another and

our country.

Our #BeTheOne campaign, launched in the past year,

builds on #TakesANation by celebrating the responsible

members of our society: those who pace themselves,

enjoy responsibly and do not drive when they drink. This

campaign encourages all Namibians to be the ones who

enjoy responsibly.

SUPPORTING OUR STAKEHOLDERS

INVOLVING PARTNERS

Consumers

Communities

‒

SAIF

‒

LEFA

Customers/

strategic partners

Employees

EduDrink educational campaign

We developed a new online platform called EduDrink to

provide consumers with facts about alcohol so that they

are better equipped to make responsible choices. EduDrink

replaces the classroom-style DRINKiQ that NBL had been

running since 2009. It is an online training course available to

anyone with internet access.

The series of short, fun videos include responsible drinking tips

aimed at a wide spectrum of people. Members of the public

are encouraged to take the course by visiting www.edudrink.

com and becoming ambassadors for responsible drinking.:

Managing Director

Academia: Studied towards his Bachelor of Commerce, Senior

Management Development Programme, GAP International

Leadership Certificate (Breakthrough Intensive), Breakthrough

Management Skills Leadership Training

Appointment: 1 July 2019

Experience: Marco has been with the O&L Group since 2000. In

2002, he was appointed as General Manager of the O&L Group’s

Property Division until the joint venture with Broll Property Group

South Africa in 2003. He served in various roles at Broll Namibia

between 2003 and 2005 until taking over the: Managing

Managing Director at Engling,

Stritter & Partners. He is an associate of

the Institute of Chartered Secretaries.

He practices as a commercial/corporate

attorney and is actively involved in the

organised legal profession.

He is also the chairperson of the Legal

Practitioners Fidelity Fund and Honorary

Consul for the Kingdom of Belgium in

Namibia.

External Directorships and Interest

Hans-Bruno is a director of the Namibia

Stock Exchange and holds various other

directorships and serves on various

governance committees in the Insurance,

Tourism, Telecommunication, and

Investment sectors.

Chairperson of the Board

Academia: Chartered Accountant

(Namibia)

Appointment: 14 March 2002

Experience: Sven currently serves as

the Executive Chairperson of the O&L

Group. Having worked in Luxembourg as

a chartered accountant for four years, he

took up the growth of O&L when he joined

the Group in 1998. Continuously striving to

unlock the business potential of Namibia,

he was also the architect of several joint

ventures entered into by O&L, including the

deal between Heineken SA, Diageo, and

Namibia Breweries.

External Directorships and Interest

‒

Member of the High-Level Panel

of the President of the Republic

of Namibia

‒

Chairperson of the Windhoek

Country Club and Casino

‒

Director of the Namibia Chamber

of Commerce and Industry

Independent Non-executive

Member of the Remuneration Committee

Member of the Investment Committee

Member of the Independent Committee

of the Board

Academia: Bachelor of Law, Master of

Law, Postgraduate Diploma in International

and European Law, Certified Financial

Planner, Certified Pilates Instructor

Appointment: 2 December 2020

Experience: Afra is the consultant and

owner of Chase & Associates CC, Financial

Planning & Coaching Practice. She is a

partner and a certified facilitator in the

Franklin Covey suite of products, as well as

a customer service expert, seasoned public

speaker, and dynamic facilitator.

External Directorships and Interest

‒

Chase & Associates CC

‒

Benchmark Retirement Fund

‒

Old Mutual Namib Retirement

Annuity Fund

‒

Wordpress (Pty) Ltd

‒

Namibia Print Property Investments

(Pty) Ltd

Sven Thieme (54)

Hans-Bruno Gerdes (70)

Afra Ripurua

Schimming-Chase (49)

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:

Managing Director for Heineken Africa

and Middle East Region in February

2020. Prior to this, he held the Heineken

France: Managing

Managing Director

Global Sales Manager

Human Capital Manager

Strategic Sourcing Manager

Supply Manager:

Letter dated 24 August 2021. The Board subsequently via round robin on 1 September 2021 referred the Transaction (herein referred to

as Project Nile) to the NBL Investment Committee for it to assess, evaluate, consider and report back to the NBL Board.

Messrs. van der Westhuizen, Grüttemeyer and Siemer declared their interest in terms of Project Nile as Ohlthaver & List Finance and

Trading Corporation Limited, Namibia Breweries and Heineken South Africa were parties to the transaction. The remaining members

of the Investment Committee comprised of Mr Mungunda and Ms. Schimming-Chase.

The table below sets out the attendance by the members of the Independent Committee of the Board:

Independent Committee of the Board

Meeting dates

25 August

30 August

1 September

6 September

13 September

17 September

20 September

27 September

4 October

11 October

18 October

25 October

3 November

23 November

29 November

23 February

Total meeting

attendance

AR Schimming-Chase

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

16/16

VJ Mungunda

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

P

16/16

P = Present

A = Apologies

Investment Committee

Chairperson: H van der Westhuizen Members: VJ Mungunda I AR Schimming-Chase I P Gruttemeyer I S Siemer

Functions

The purpose of the Committee is to set direction on the investment criteria for any investments and approve any investment objectives

and guidelines.

During the period under review, the board resolved that Investment Committee activities would be halted, and all investment

decisions not related to the Heineken transaction would be deferred to the NBL board for consideration and approval. Therefore,

the Committee did not convene any meetings during the year.:

Managing Director’s report from

page 30.

Changing consumer purchasing behaviour: Pressure

on consumer disposable income translates into buying

decisions, with a move outside of the beer category, usually

towards higher alcohol by volume products. This is especially

observed in the mainstream segment, where choices include

mainstream wines, RTDs, ciders and spirits and so gaining

market share in the Namibian alcohol industry as a whole.

Furthermore, declining consumer disposable income also

results in liquids competing for a share of the wallet, against

non-liquids such as food and other basic needs.

We continuously explore opportunities for new beverages

through innovation in our value chain while also remaining

committed to supporting low- and non-alcoholic beverages

within our portfolio. Confirming beer as a credible choice that

meets consumers’ functional, emotional and social needs will

be a key focus going forward. Pressure on the beer segment

(specifically in the mainstream) remains a challenge, and key

focus areas have been put in place to stabilise and grow

Namibian NBL beer volumes.

Read more in the section on beverage and

consumer trends from page 25.:

Managing Director’s report from page 30.

The Board is satisfied with the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management processes.

Emerging risks and opportunities

Upcoming alcohol industry legislative changes: Currently,

there are some key pieces of legislation in draft bills which

could significantly restrict the way alcohol is marketed and

sold if approved. We are committed to working with the

Namibian Government and other stakeholders in promoting

the responsible use of alcohol. NBL’s responsible drinking

initiatives create awareness about the responsible enjoyment

of alcohol and the potential consequences for society that can

result from the harmful use thereof. We are staunch supporters

of SAIF and ensure we market products responsibly. Similarly,

we are represented at Aware.org in South Africa through

Heineken SA. All NBL brands encourage responsible

behaviour across both traditional and digital media through

the #TakesANation campaign. Furthermore, NBL launched

#EduDrink, which is an informative and engaging initiative

equipping people to make informed and responsible choices.

Read more in the section on our contribution to SDG 3

from page 36.

Unpredictability and high impact of pandemics and

country risk: We monitor the impact of existing and emerging

possible pandemics and give our continued support to resulting

regulations, adapting operating procedures to be compliant and

as efficient as possible. Economic pressures are evident, and

the potential impact of these is continuously reviewed – this

includes levels of unemployment, crime, corruption, national

debt and liquidity concerns, and policy uncertainty.

Climate change impacts are likely to increase rainfall

during cycles, but with a downward trend in dry

seasons: As one of Windhoek’s major water users, NBL

has mitigated this risk through on-site boreholes that tap into

non-potable water, which in turn is put through NBL’s state-

of-the-art water treatment plant that converts it to brewing

quality water used in the brewing process. Borehole water is

a sustainable resource which can mitigate up to 80% of NBL’s

production water needs during drought conditions.

Read more in the section on our contribution to SDG 6

from page 38.

Future focus areas

To further entrench a culture of risk management, risk

awareness training was rolled out to the Executive Directors

of the O&L Group of Companies in 2022. Training specifically

focused on corporate governance aspects such as King

Report on Corporate Governance™ for South Africa, 20161,

the Companies Act of 2004 and IT Governance. Our focus

remains on building and maintaining a mature risk culture.

1 Copyright and trademarks are owned by the Institute of

Directors in South Africa NPC and all of its rights are reserved.:

Managing Director:

Managing Director’s Report, Contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals, Governance Report,

Group Value – Added Statement, Group Salient Features, Five – Year Summary of Results, Summary of Statistics, Ordinary

Share Ownership, Financial Review, Approval of Financial Statements, Notice of Annual General Meeting, Proxy Form, which we

obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report. The other information does not include the consolidated and separate financial

statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will

not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other

information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated and separate

financial statements, or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we

conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to

report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements

The Directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated and separate financial statements in

accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act of Namibia and for

such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated and separate financial

statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and

Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the

going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group and/or Company or to cease

operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole

are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will

always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material

if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the

basis of these consolidated and separate financial statements.:

Managing Director and Finance Director) are the Group’s ‘Chief Operating Decision Maker’ within

the meaning of IFRS 8.

The operating segments have been identified and classified in a manner that reflects the nature of the products offered

by the Group.

Operating segments whose total revenue, absolute profit or loss for the period or total assets are 10% or more of total

Group revenue, profit or loss or total assets, are reported separately.

The measure of profit or loss used by the Chief Operating Decision Maker is EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes),

which includes revenue and expenses directly relating to a business segment but excludes net finance charges and

taxation, which cannot be allocated to any specific segment.

(t) Fair value measurement

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction

between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that

the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:

‒

In the principal market for the asset or liability, or

‒

In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised

within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value

measurement as a whole:

‒

Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can

access at measurement date.

‒

Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is

directly or indirectly observable.

‒

Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is

unobservable.

(u) New and revised standards

(i)

Adoption of new and revised standards – effective in current year

The following table contains effective dates of IFRS’s and recently revised IAS’s, which have been adopted by

the Company and the Group. The adoption of these amendments has not had a significant impact on the results

from operations or the statement of financial position.

Final document

Date issued

Effective dates

Annual reporting

periods beginning on

or after:

Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2

The amendments in Interest Rate Benchmark Reform —

Phase 2 (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and

IFRS 16)

27 August 2020

1 January 2021

IFRS 16 Leases –

Amendment to provide lessees with an exemption from

assessing whether a COVID-19-related rent concession is a

lease modification

1 May 2020/

March 2021

1 April 2021:

letter of support is in place whereby Namibia Breweries Limited agrees to provide additional financial support to Namibia Breweries

South Africa Proprietary Limited to meet its debts as and when they fall due until such time as specified in the: letter.

** A Cession Agreement exists whereby Hallie Investments Number Four Hundred and Twenty Eight (Proprietary) Limited ceded all of

their rights and obligations in its property to the Company.

