Managing Director’s Report

Governance

13

18

19

21

Corporate Governance Report

Audit and Risk Chairperson’s Report

Remuneration Report

Group Value Added Statement

Annual Financial Statements

22

Consolidated & Separate Annual

Financial Statement

Shareholder Information

95

96

101

102

103

Remuneration Policy

Notice of the Annual General Meeting

Brief Curriculum Vitaes of Directors

for re-election

Form of Proxy

Notes to the Proxy Form

Final Dividend of 26 cents per share

was declared.

REVENUE

Revenue increased by 40% to

N$ 920,9 million.

PROFIT

Profit increased by 136% to

N$ 42,8 million.

EARNINGS

Earnings per share increased by 136% to

81.65 cents per share.

ASSET GROWTH

Growth in Assets increased by 13% to

N$ 2,1 billion.

DIVIDENDS

40%

136%

136%

13%

Contents

Financial highlights are for a 15 month period.:

Managing Director

• Member: Remuneration & Nominations

Committee; Social, Ethics & Sustainability

Committee

• Chairperson: Property segment; Retail

segment; Insurance & Finance segment

WO Fourie

• CA (NAM); CA (SA)

• Years of Service: 12 years

• Group Financial Director

• Director: Property segment; Glasfit;

Khomas Car Rental and Leasing

TB Horn

• CA (NAM)

• Years of Service: 3 years

• Certified Internal Auditor

• Independent Non-Executive Lead Director

• Chairperson: Audit and Risk Committee

SW Walters

• CA (NAM); CA (SA)

• Years of Service: 1 year

• Certified Internal Auditor

• Independent Non-Executive Director

• Member: Audit & Risk Committee

• Chairperson: Remuneration &

Nomination Committee; Social, Ethics &

Sustainability Committee:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT

While we were shaking off the last bit of Covid-fatigue and trying to maintain

the momentum that was created, another 15 months has passed. Conditions

were still challenging, but our willingness, commitment and ownership

inspired us to strive for better under these circumstances. With our aim to

be Exceptional Wealth Creators, we are surely but steadily marching in

the right direction.

For the 15 months under review we have achieved exceptional results. The

retail segment are steadily achieving their longer-term goals and performed

far beyond expectations. We achieved this by renewing our focus on our

product range and taking a client orientated approach. We furthermore had

to realistically assess the value of our properties based on the events of the

last 24 months and adjusted their values to be more accurate.

The insurance and finance segment also exceeded expectations. Our insurance product achieved new heights

despite the current financial conditions, proving that it is effective and tailored to fit the needs of our clients.

Together, all of the above led to exceptional results. We are humbled and proud.

None of this would have been possible without the dedication, enthusiasm and ownership of our staff compliment

and specifically that of our management teams. In our attempt to be the preferred employer, we pursued this dream

and focused on the empowerment, training and mentoring of our people. A great shout out and thank you goes to

every one of them for their input and efforts.

We stay committed to excellent customer service and remain on the lookout for new opportunities, synergies and

related diversifications that can add value to our current portfolio. We will continue to build the group within our

long-term strategy and will ensure that we optimize all our resources in the process. We believe that we should be in

control of our own destiny and will shape our future in order for us to succeed going forward. We will strive to create

exceptional wealth for all the families involved in the Nictus group and I am confident that we will thrive as one big

family. We will protect our independence and strive to build a sought-after share for our stakeholder family.

We are excited about the short-term future and beyond, considering the prospects that we are currently pursuing.

I would like to give the praise and glory to our Heavenly Father for the opportunity and thank my fellow board

members for the continuous support.

Yours in Creating Exceptional Wealth,

PHILIPPUS TROMP:

Managing Director’s mandate is detailed in the business plan, which includes the framework

for the delegation of authority. The Board boasts a spread of skills and a wealth of experience.

The majority of the members of the Board are non-executive, and the majority of the non-executive directors are independent. The

Board is committed to facilitate a balance of authority and power and believes that, in terms of expertise and experience, an effective

composition is achieved. Board decisions are rigorously deliberated and based on the consensus principle.

The appointment of Directors is a formal process, which the Remuneration and Nomination Committee oversees. The induction process

is managed by the Chairperson and: Managing

Managing Director, and functionally to the Chairperson of the

Audit and Risk Committee. Internal audits’ coverage plan is risk-based and is approved by the Audit and Risk Committee annually.

The internal audit function forms an important part of the risk management process and is considered in compiling the risk report, which

is presented to the Board for further evaluation.

The Audit and Risk Committee oversees the external audit activities, including the recommendation of the appointment, the assessment

of required qualifications, independence, audit approach and methodology, reporting and performance evaluation of the auditors.

The Audit and Risk Committee also has the objectives to attend to the overview and monitoring of Nictus’ risk management processes.

The Audit and Risk Committee reports to the Board on work undertaken in establishing and maintaining an understanding of the risks

that need to be addressed and the adequacy of actions taken by management to appropriately address and mitigate such risk areas.

The Board considers and determines in conjunction with Subsidiary Boards the levels of risk tolerance as well as risk appetite during its

periodic review of the Group’s risk profile. This risk profile determines the ambit within which the Board allows management to take on

risk-inclined projects. The Board has appointed the Audit and Risk Committee to assist in carrying out its risk responsibilities by providing

oversight of Nictus’ risk management activities.:

Managing Director, to the Audit and Risk Committee and Board on IT governance matters. The Board delegated the responsibility for

the implementation of an IT governance framework to the Group: Managing

Managing Director. The internal auditor has a standing invitation to all

Management Committee meetings, but is however briefed on strategic and risk related developments by senior executives who do

attend, and has access to minutes of meetings. The internal auditor attends Audit and Risk Committee meetings by invitation and meets

frequently with senior executives. Internal audit is appropriately skilled, experienced and resourced to fulfill its mandate.

GOVERNING STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS

The anual report, as well as the Group business plan, reflects the interests of the Groups’ stakeholders and key actions to maintain positive

perceptions about the Group and its activities. The Board considers on a continuous basis the feedback regarding the perceptions of

particular stakeholder groups. The Board has tasked management to manage stakeholder relationships, including identifying important

stakeholder groups, and the developing of strategies and policies to manage these relationships effectively.

Constructive stakeholder engagement within the Group is facilitated through formal and informal mechanisms and shareholders are

encouraged to attend the Company’s Annual General Meeting. Nictus strives to achieve an appropriate balance between various

stakeholder groups’ interests and expectations, in making decisions in the best interest of the Company and ultimately its Shareholders.

Nictus is committed to transparent and effective communication with all stakeholder groups. Such communication takes place through

formal and informal channels and through general as well as direct communication initiatives, including community, group and individual

meetings. Nictus endeavours to resolve disputes in an effective and efficient manner, through formal and informal processes and

management action.

ANNUAL REPORTING AND DISCLOSURE

The Board, assisted by the Audit and Risk Committee and management, has established appropriate controls and processes to gather,

review and report adequate information regarding Nictus’ financial- and sustainability performance in the annual report.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established committees, which operate within approved mandates or charters, to assist it to fulfill its duties.

The Board committees are as follows:

• Audit and Risk Committee

The Audit and Risk Committee consists of two Independent Non-executive Directors and a Non-executive Director, and discharges its

duties as set out in its Charter. The Audit and Risk Committee attends to the overview and monitoring of the Groups’ risk management

process by reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of risk management and control processes within the Group. The Committee

reports its findings to the Board. Extensive risk identifying procedures are followed, with input from all operational subsidiaries, to identify,

quantify and manage business-threatening risks. The Audit and Risk Committee compiles the risk management report, which is presented

to the Board for evaluation and to determine the adequacy of risk controls. The Committee meets quarterly.

The external and internal auditors attend the meeting by invitation and have unrestricted access to the Chairperson and members of the

Audit and Risk Committee.

• Remuneration and Nomination Committee

The role of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is to determine and monitor strategy and policy in relation to terms and

conditions of engagement (including remuneration), in order to attract and retain those people that will support and contribute to achieving

the Nictus Group’s required results and performance. The Committee is responsible for the nomination function, with one of its primary

purposes being to support and advise the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities to Shareholders in ensuring that the Board is comprised

of individuals who are best able to discharge the responsibilities of Directors, having regard to the law and the highest standards of

Corporate Governance.:

Managing Director

Namibian

WO Fourie

Financial Director

Namibian

SW Walters

Independent Non-Executive

Namibian

NC Tromp passed away on 27 June 2021.

The following directors were re-elected at the Annual General Meeting on 25 August 2021 – TB Horn and WO Fourie.

TB Horn and GR de V Tromp were re-elected as members of the Audit and Risk Committee. TB Horn was appointed as Chairperson of the Audit and Risk

Committee with effect from 25 August 2021.

SW Walters was appointed as independent non-executive director, member of the Audit and Risk Committee and Remuneration and Nomination Committee

respectively, with effect from 1 August 2021.

FR van Staden resigned and G Swart retired as directors of the Board on 1 September 2021. TB Horn was appointed as lead independent director effective

1 September 2021.

7.

Dividends

The company's dividend policy is to consider an interim and a final dividend in respect of each financial period. At its discretion, the board may consider a

special dividend, where appropriate. Depending on the perceived need to retain funds for expansion or operating purposes, the board may decide not to pay

dividends.

Ordinary dividends of 18 cents per share (N$ 9,6 million) were declared and paid by the Company on 26 July 2021.

Final dividend of 26 cents per share (N$ 13,9 million) was approved by the board on 20 September 2022 in respect of the period ended 30 June 2022. The

dividend will be declared out of retained earnings. The dividend has not been provided for and there are no accounting implications for the current financial

period.

Last date to trade ordinary shares"cum" dividend

21 October 2022

Ordinary shares trade "ex" dividend

24 October 2022

Record date

28 October 2022

Payment / issue date

31 October 2022

Share certificates may not be dematerialised between Monday 24 October 2022 and Friday 28 October 2022, both days inclusive.

The non-resident shareholders tax varies according to applicable legislation.

8.

Stated capital

There have been no changes to the authorised or issued share capital during the period under review. The board of directors are authorised by way of a

general authority to allot and issue at their discretion to 15% of the authorised but unissued ordinary shares until the next annual general meeting of the

shareholders of Nictus Holdings Limited.

7:

Director's interest in share capital

Number of

shares

%

Directors' indirect interest

PJ de W Tromp and GR de V Tromp*

33,528,371

62.74

WO Fourie

1,801,046

3.37

35,329,417

66.11

* Including, but not limited to investments in or via Trusts.

The register of interests of directors and others in shares of the company is available to the shareholders on request. There have been no changes in

beneficial interests that occurred between the end of the reporting period and the date of this report.

Management of the Group

Various agreements have been executed with entities in which Messrs PJ de W Tromp (Nature Unlimited Consultations (Pty) Ltd) and WO Fourie (Haida

Investments (Pty) Ltd) have material interest, which supply consulting and managerial services.

8:

Managing Director, who is the chief operating decision maker, to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment

and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is available. Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities are allocated on a reasonable

basis to a segment from customers, suppliers and other segments but exclude non-specific transactions.

The basis of segmental reporting has been set out in note 42.

Segment revenue

Segment revenue consists of revenue reported in the Group’s profit or loss that is directly attributable to a segment and the relevant portion of Group revenue

that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to the segment.

Segment expense

Segment expense consists of expenses resulting from the operating activities of a segment that are directly attributable to the segment and the relevant

portion of expenses that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to the segment. General administrative expenses, such as head office expenses, and other

expenses that arise at Group level and relate to the Group as a whole are also excluded from segment expense. However, costs incurred at Group level on

behalf of a segment are included in segment expense.

Segment result

Segment result consists of segment revenue less segment expense.

Segment assets

Segment assets consists of those assets that are employed by a segment in its operating activities and that either are directly attributable to the segment or

can be allocated on a reasonable basis, but do not include income tax assets.

Segment liabilities

Segment liabilities consists of those operating liabilities that result from the operating activities of a segment that are either directly attributable to the

segment or can be allocated on a reasonable basis to the segment, but do not include income tax liabilities.

1.20

Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset

until such time as the asset is ready for its intended use. The amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined as follows:



Actual borrowing costs on funds specifically borrowed for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset less any temporary investment of those

borrowings.



Weighted average of the borrowing costs applicable to the entity on funds generally borrowed for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset.

The borrowing costs capitalised do not exceed the total borrowing costs incurred.

The capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when:



expenditures for the asset have occurred;



borrowing costs have been incurred, and



activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress.

Capitalisation is suspended during extended periods in which active development is interrupted.

Capitalisation ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are complete.

All other borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.

29:

letter. The covenant requirement is a

cash to debt service cover of 1.8 times (calculated on an annual basis).

The loan from Veritrust (Pty) Ltd is repayable on demand, bearing interest at Standard Bank Namibia bank prime overdraft rate (2021: prime overdraft rate)

and secured by a cash guarantee issued by Corporate Guarantee and Insurance Company of Namibia Ltd.

Refer to note 37 Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities for details of the movement in the borrowings during the reporting period and note 41

Financial instruments and financial risk management for the fair value of borrowings.

Exposure to liquidity, currency and interest rate risk

Refer to note 41 Financial instruments and financial risk management for details of liquidity, currency and interest rate risk management for borrowings.

Fair value

The fair value of interest bearing borrowings approximates their carrying amounts.

46:

letter of guarantee for a total amount of N$6 million in respect of cumulative redeemable preference shares issued by

Karas Securities (Pty) Ltd to Hakos Capital and Finance (Pty) Ltd. The outstanding balance at 30 June 2022 amounted to N$40 million (202: N$40 million).

46.

Comparative figures

The financial year end of the Company and its subsidiaries were changed from 31 March to 30 June. Accordingly, the consolidated and separate annual

financial statements are prepared for 15 months from 1 April 2021 to 30 June 2022 and as a result, the comparative figures stated in the statement of profit or

loss and other comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity, statement of cash flows and the related notes are not comparable.

Certain comparative figures have been reclassified. Loans and receivables of the insurance segment have been reclassified from cash flows from investing

activities to cash flows from operating activities.

The effects of the reclassification are as follows:

Statement of Cash Flows

Cash generated from / (used in) operations

-

(6,909)

-

-

Movement in loans and receivables

-

6,909

-

-

47.

Going concern

The consolidated and separate annual financial statements have been prepared on the basis of accounting policies applicable to a going concern. This basis

presumes that funds will be available to finance future operations and that the realisation of assets and settlement of liabilities, contingent obligations and

commitments will occur in the ordinary course of business.

48.

Events after the reporting period

The directors are not aware of any material events which affected the presentation of the annual financial statements which occurred after the reporting date

and up to the date of this report.

73:

Managing Director

• Member: Social, Ethics & Sustainability Committee

• Chairperson: Property Segment; Retail Segment; Insurance & Finance Segment

PJ De W Tromp has a B.Econ, EDP: USB; SMP; USB and was appointed as the Executive Chairman of Nictus

Holdings Group during August 2013 until April 2017, when he was appointed Group: Managing

Managing Director)

WO Fourie (Group Financial Director)

Non-Executive Directors

TB Horn (Independent Non-Executive Lead Director)

GR de V Tromp (Non-Executive Chairman)

SW Walters (Independent Non-Executive Director)

Transfer Secretaries

Veritas Eksekuteurskamer (Proprietary) Limited

1st Floor, Nictus Building, 140 Mandume Ndemufayo Avenue, Windhoek

P.O. Box 755, Windhoek, Namibia

Independent External Auditors

SGA Chartered Accountants and Auditors

Registered Office

1st Floor, Nictus Building, 140 Mandume Ndemufayo Avenue, Windhoek

P.O. Box 755, Windhoek, Namibia

Sponsor on the NSX

Simonis Storm Securities (Pty) Ltd

Nictus Holdings Limited

Private Bag 13231, Windhoek, Namibia

1st Floor, Nictus Building, 140 Mandume Ndemufayo Avenue, Windhoek

Please visit our website

www.nictusholdings.com:

