Managing Director at Goldman Sachs. From 2009 to 2012,

Dr Nevistic was a Group: Managing Director and Head of Corporate

Development at UBS, where she was part of the senior executive

team that restructured the bank’s operations following the financial

crisis. She currently runs her own advisory boutique, focusing on

corporate strategy and business transformations, and also serves as

a Non-Executive Director at Samskip BV, Atlantic Grupa d.d. and

Constellation Acquisition Corp I.

Dr Nevistic supports various non-profit organisations and is a

member of the Finance Committee of the Swiss Study Foundation,

and was a trustee at the Swiss Institute/Contemporary Art

New York.

13. Guillaume Pictet

Non-executive Director

Swiss, born 1950

Mr Pictet was appointed to the Board as a Non-executive Director

in 2010 and is a member of the Governance and Sustainability,

Audit, Compensation and Nominations Committees.

13. Guillaume Pictet continued

He is a graduate of HEC, Lausanne University. His career in private

banking has included membership of Darier Hentsch & Cie’s senior

management. He has also served as an international economist in

Switzerland’s Federal Department of Economic Affairs.

Since 1996, Mr Pictet has been a Founding Partner and Vice

Letter from the Chairman of the

Compensation Committee

Clay Brendish, Chairman: Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Compensation Committee, I am pleased to present

our Compensation report for the year ended 31 March 2022.

During the year under review, the Group has delivered significant

growth in terms of both profitability and cash generation, and the

Committee has been fully supportive of management’s efforts to

ensure that all of the Group’s employees were able to share in the

excellent results reported for the period.

Looking to the future, the Committee has also worked with

management in the further development of the Group’s long-term

incentive schemes, with the specific objective of ensuring that long-

term and strategic value creation is effectively incentivised and that

the highest-performing executives are appropriately compensated.

This focus has led to changes to the Performance Stock Unit

(‘PSU’) scheme, aligning performance criteria, including Return on

Net Assets (‘RONA’), to the perimeter of responsibility of the

individual executive. A new plan, the Performance Cash Unit

(‘PCU’) plan, was put into place for the first time, allowing for an

additional cash payout in the event of significant value growth, over

and above pre-set, challenging targets. This new plan will further

ensure the alignment of management and shareholder interests, both

incentivising and rewarding long-term value creation.

The Committee firmly believes that performance assessment for

variable compensation is aligned to the Group’s strategic priorities.

Sustainability is of critical importance to the Group and the

Committee fully supports management in the inclusion of

ESG-related KPIs when assessing both short and long-term

performance.

During the period, the Board of Directors announced a change in

the membership and focus of the Senior Executive Committee

(‘SEC’). This Committee, to whom the Board has delegated

management of the Group, is now primarily responsible for capital

allocation and strategic decision-making for the Group as a whole,

and comprises the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Finance

Officer only. Former members of the SEC will now focus solely on

the Maisons and business areas for which they are responsible, with

no responsibility for overall Group strategy. This significant change

in the governance of the Group has implications for the following

Compensation report, which are described in detail on the following

pages.

At the AGM in September 2021, shareholders once again approved

the remuneration proposals by a large majority. Specifically,

shareholders were asked to approve the maximum amount of fixed

Board compensation from the 2021 AGM to the 2022 AGM; the

maximum amount of fixed SEC compensation for the 2023

financial year and the variable compensation of the SEC for the

2021 financial year. The actual compensation paid to the Board for

the period from the 2020 AGM to the 2021 AGM and to the SEC

with respect to fixed compensation for the 2022 financial year was

within amounts previously approved by the shareholders.

The Compensation report that follows describes the Group’s

guiding principles, philosophy and policies for setting the

compensation of members of the Board and the SEC. The report

complies with the relevant articles of the Swiss Code of

Obligations, the Swiss Code of Best Practice, and SIX Exchange

Regulation. The compensation for the financial year under review,

as detailed on pages 74 to 76, has been audited by the Group’s

auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers.

On behalf of the Board, we would like to thank you for your

continued support on executive compensation matters.

We look forward to receiving comments from our investors.

Clay Brendish

Compensation Committee

