LETTER

Pg 08

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW

Pg 11

THE STRATEGY DRIVING OUR BUSINESS

Pg 17

OUR OPERATING ENVIRONMENT

Pg 21

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

Pg 25

MATERIAL MATTERS AND THE RISK AND

OPPORTUNITIES WHICH THEY CREATE

Pg 27

ENGAGING WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Pg 31

02

OUR LEADERSHIP

Pg 34

OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND

MANAGEMENT TEAM

Pg 35

VALUE-CREATING GOVERNANCE

Pg 39

WHAT OUR BOARD’S COMMITTEES

FOCUSED ON IN FY 2022

Pg 43

03

OUR PERFORMANCE

Pg 44

FINANCIAL REVIEW

Pg 45

OPERATIONAL REVIEW

Pg 52

SOCIAL REVIEW

Pg 67

ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP

REVIEW

Pg 74

04

ACCOUNTABILITY AND

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Pg 78

REMUNERATION REVIEW

Pg 79

SHAREHOLDERS ANALYSIS

Pg 101

SHAREHOLDERS’ COUNTRY

CLASSIFICATION

Pg 101

NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS: AGM

Pg 102

ONLINE AGM GUIDE

Pg 111

ADMINISTRATION

Pg 115

05

APPENDICES

Pg 112

APPLICATION OF KING IV

PRINCIPLES REFERENCE GUIDE

Pg 112

RETAIL FOOTPRINT

Pg 113

ABBREVIATIONS AND

ACRONYMS

Pg 114

02 HOW WE CREATE VALUE

06 ABOUT THIS REPORT

06 BOARD APPROVAL

Our Business

Introduction

Our Leadership

Our

Performance

Accountability and

Shareholder information

SHOPRITE HOLDINGS LTD Integrated Report 2022

Appendices:

letter

Reflecting on the Shoprite Group’s 2022

year – given the context of the challenges

in South Africa and the rest of the world

– is both gratifying and humbling. As

a business, we achieved our primary

objective: to bring our customers food at

the best prices possible. Given the sales

growth, I think it’s fair to say we not only

held our position as market leaders, but we

extended it. For me personally, however, the

Group’s ability to achieve this – as well as

completing a significant employee-based

empowerment transaction; continuing

to innovate and invest in future projects;

execute on our merger and acquisition plans

while supporting our customers and their

communities – is a significant achievement.

Our operating

environment

2022 was probably the most challenging

year the Group has ever faced from an

external environment perspective. It

included the ongoing impact of Covid-19,

social unrest in KwaZulu-Natal and

Gauteng, and climate change-related

floods that resulted in a state of disaster

being declared in KwaZulu-Natal. The

pandemic’s ongoing impact on global

supply chains and Russia’s war with

Ukraine have conspired to constrain

supply lines and increase prices in key

commodities (specifically petrol and

basic foods). When added to crippling

challenges in South Africa’s electricity

supply, service delivery-related strikes and

unemployment, describing the year as

generally difficult for business – not just

Shoprite, but more so, our customers –

is an understatement.

The Group is fortunate to have established

a baseline of operational resilience that

exceeds most. The team is capable of

adapting to adverse or onerous situations

while not losing sight of our customers’

needs. In fact, in times of crisis, our

customer centricity increased; for example,

the swift scaling of the Checkers Sixty60

app, the Usave mobile truck stores and

our rapid response in re-opening stores

within days of the social unrest. Similarly,

with regard to global supply chain

challenges, the Group was able to adjust

its supply lines and was not impacted from

a product supply standpoint.

In South Africa after a trying few years from

a social and business perspective, the

sentiment is particularly poor, underscored

by the crisis state at Eskom and its

failing infrastructure as well as continued

municipal delivery failures and high

unemployment.

PEOPLE MAKE THE DIFFERENCE

The execution strength of the Group is

undoubtedly a function of its leadership and

the culture of commitment and teamwork

demonstrated by all of our employees – without

whom the Group’s daily execution, prompt

response to external events and continued delivery

of strategic objectives would not be possible. I am

pleased to report that in acknowledgement of our

people and the valued role they have played in the

business, the Group has finalised two significant

employee milestones during 2022.

Firstly, the Board approved management’s proposal

of an across-the-board increase in the Group’s

internal minimum hourly wage to a rate higher than

the prescribed sectoral minimum figure. In addition,

the minimum wage for cashiers was further

increased in recognition of the important role they

play in serving our customers 1 .

Secondly, the Group established the Shoprite

Employee Trust, an evergreen B-BBEE employee

benefit trust 2 , paying qualifying employees a

financial distribution aligned with the dividend

declared to the Group’s shareholders.

Our belief is that the financial benefits arising from

these various initiatives will improve the lives of our

employees, assist with employee retention and

feed through to a continued improvement in our

customer service and satisfaction levels.

Checkers Hyper Brackenfell, Cape Town, Western Cape

The Group is fortunate to have

established a baseline of operational

resilience that exceeds most.

1

Our customers, page 71

2

B-BBEE employee benefit trust, page 68

Our Business

Introduction

Our Leadership

Our

Performance

Accountability and

Shareholder information

08

SHOPRITE HOLDINGS LTD Integrated Report 2022

Appendices:

letter continued

Our focus on sustainability

Environmental and social issues are embedded in

our governance oversight and risk structures and

are among the Board’s top agenda items. To further

entrench environmental, social and governance (ESG)

in how the Group is managed, the Board approved

enhancements to the established ESG metrics in the

key performance indicators used in determining the

short-term incentives (STI) and long-term incentives

(LTI) for members of the management team 6 .

Details of what the Group has achieved through its

focus on climate change mitigation – in terms of

expanding its use of renewable energy, improving

energy efficiencies, increased recycling, and our

efforts to raise environmental awareness – are

provided in the Environmental stewardship 7 section

of this report and our Sustainability Report, which is

available on our website 8 .

3

Strategy, page 17

4

Training and development of unemployed youth, page 69

5

Low-price promise including R5.00 loaf, page 03

7

Environmental stewardship, page 74

6

Remuneration, page 79

8

www.shopriteholdings.co.za/sustainability.html

Usave Riebeeck West, Western Cape

Petshop Science, Baywest Mall, Gqeberha

Our social investment focuses

on youth unemployment,

hunger relief, food security

and disaster relief. During the

reporting period, the Group

contributed R24 million

towards hunger relief,

supporting 107 ECD centres

and providing 381 590 meals

to 7 151 children.

Our Business

Introduction

Our Leadership

Our

Performance

Accountability and

Shareholder information

09

SHOPRITE HOLDINGS LTD Integrated Report 2022

Appendices:

letter continued

Our Business

Introduction

Our Leadership

Our

Performance

Accountability and

Shareholder information

10

SHOPRITE HOLDINGS LTD Integrated Report 2022

Appendices:

letter of representation from your CSDP or

broker to represent the registered Shareholder; or

• do not wish to attend the AGM, but would like your vote to

be recorded at the AGM, you should contact your CSDP

or broker and furnish them with your voting instructions,

and you must not complete the attached form of proxy.

Notice to Shoprite Holdings shareholders: annual general meeting continued

4.4 In terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act, any person

participating in the AGM must present reasonably satisfactory

identification and the person presiding at the AGM must be reasonably

satisfied that the right of any person to participate in and vote (whether

as a Shareholder or as a representative or proxy for a Shareholder) has

been reasonably verified. Shareholders of the Company who wish to

participate in the AGM electronically should provide such identification

when making application to so participate.

4.5 The record date for purposes of determining which Shareholders are

entitled to receive this Notice is determined in terms of section 59(1)(a)

of the Companies Act being Friday, 7 October 2022. The Notice will be

distributed to Shareholders on Friday, 14 October 2022.

4.6 The date on which Shareholders must be recorded as such in the

register maintained by the Transfer Secretaries for purposes of being

entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is determined in terms of

section 59(1)(b) of the Companies Act being Friday, 4 November 2022

(“Voting Record Date”). The last day to trade for purposes of being

entitled to attend and vote at this AGM being Tuesday, 1 November 2022.

4.7 Votes at the AGM on all resolutions will be conducted by way of a poll.

Every Shareholder present or represented by proxy shall have one (1)

vote for every Shoprite Holdings Share held in the Company.

4.8 If you are in any doubt as to what action you should take arising from

the following resolutions, please consult your stockbroker, banker,

attorney, accountant or other professional adviser immediately.

5. Integrated report

A copy of the Company’s Integrated Report for the year ended

3 July 2022 and the reports of the Directors and independent auditors

are delivered herewith.

6. Purpose of the AGM

The purpose of the AGM is to:

• present the audited financial statements for the year ended

3 July 2022, the report of the Directors and the report of the

independent registered auditors thereon;

• present the reports of the Audit and Risk as well as the Social and

Ethics committees;

• consider any matters raised by Shareholders; and

• consider and, if deemed fit, to pass, with or without modification,

the resolutions set out overleaf.

Our Business

Introduction

Our Leadership

Our

Performance

Accountability and

Shareholder information

103

SHOPRITE HOLDINGS LTD Integrated Report 2022

Appendices:

letter of representation to participate in the AGM.

If you do not wish to participate in the AGM, provide your CSDP or broker with your voting instruction in terms of your custody agreement.

I/We (name/s in block letters)

of

being a Shareholder/Shareholders of Shoprite Holdings and holding

ordinary shares in the Company, hereby appoint

1.

of

or, failing him/her,

2.

of

or, failing him/her,

3. the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting, as my/our proxy to attend, speak and vote on my/our behalf at the AGM of the Shareholders of the Company

to be held at 9.15 am on Monday, 14 November 2022, and at any adjournment thereof.

Number of

shares*

In favour of

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1 – Approval of annual financial statements

Ordinary resolution number 2 – Re-appointment of auditors

Ordinary resolution number 3 – Election of Directors:

3.1

Graham Dempster

3.2

Paul Norman

3.3

Dawn Marole

Ordinary resolution number 4 – Appointment as members of the Shoprite Holdings Audit and Risk Committee

4.1

Linda de Beer

4.2

Nonkululeko Gobodo

4.3

Eileen Wilton

4.4

Graham Dempster (subject to his election as Director)

Ordinary resolution number 5 – General authority over unissued ordinary shares

Ordinary resolution number 6 – General authority to issue ordinary shares for cash

Ordinary resolution number 7 – General authority to Directors and/or Company Secretary

Non-binding advisory vote on the:

Vote 1: Remuneration policy of Shoprite Holdings; and

Vote 2: Implementation report of the Remuneration policy

Special resolution number 1 – Remuneration payable to Non-executive Directors (1 November 2022 – 31 October 2023)

a) Remuneration payable to Chairman of the Board

b) Remuneration payable to Lead Independent Director

c) Remuneration payable to Non-executive Directors

d) Remuneration payable to Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee

e) Remuneration payable to members of the Audit and Risk Committee

f) Remuneration Payable to Chairman of the Remuneration Committee

g) Remuneration payable to members of the Remuneration Committee

h) Remuneration payable to Chairman of the Nomination Committee

i)

Remuneration payable to members of the Nomination Committee

j)

Remuneration payable to Chairman of the Social and Ethics Committee

k) Remuneration payable to members of the Social and Ethics Committee

l)

Remuneration payable to Chairman of the Investment and Finance Committee

m) Remuneration payable to members of the Investment and Finance Committee

Special resolution number 2 – Financial assistance to subsidiaries, related and inter-related entities

Special resolution number 3 – General authority to repurchase ordinary shares

* Please indicate with an X in the appropriate spaces above how you wish your votes to be cast.

Unless otherwise instructed, my/our proxy may vote as he/she thinks fit.

Signed at (place)

on (date)

2022

Shareholder’s signature

Please read the notes and instructions overleaf.:

